--- Page 1 ---
Hello and welcome to Saudi Aramco’s full-year 2025 earnings call.
I am Peter Hutton, Head of Investor Relations at Aramco and I’m pleased to be joined
today by Amin Nasser, President and CEO, and Ziad Al Murshed, Executive Vice
President and CFO.
‐
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 1

--- Page 2 ---
Cautionary notes
Thispresentationmaycontaincertain forward-lookingstatements withrespecttotheSaudiArabian OilCompany’s("Aramco"orthe"Company"or"we")financialposition,resultsofoperationsand
businessandcertain ofitsplans,intentions,expectations,assumptions,goalsandbeliefs regarding suchitems.Thesestatements includeallmatters thatarenothistoricalfactandgenerally, butnot
always, may beidentified bytheuseofwordssuchas“believes”, “expects”,“are expected to”,“anticipates”,“intends”,“estimates”, “should”,“will”, “shall”,“may”, “islikely to”,“plans”,“outlook”or
similarexpressions,includingvariations andthenegatives thereof orcomparableterminology.
You shouldbeaware thatforward-lookingstatements arenotguarantees offutureperformanceandthatAramco’s actualfinancialposition,resultsofoperationsandbusinessandthedevelopment of
theindustriesinwhichitoperates maydiffer significantlyfromthosemadeinorsuggestedbytheseforward-lookingstatements.Inaddition,even ifAramco’s financialposition,resultsofoperationsand
businessandthedevelopment oftheindustriesinwhichitoperates areconsistentwiththeseforward-lookingstatements,thoseresultsordevelopments maynotbeindicativeofresultsor
developments insubsequentperiods.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Aramco’s expectations include, among other things, the following: global supply, demand and price fluctuations of oil, gas and
petrochemicals;globaleconomicconditions;competitionintheindustriesinwhichSaudiAramco operates;climate changeconcerns,weather conditionsandrelated impactsontheglobaldemand for
hydrocarbonsandhydrocarbon-basedproducts;risksrelated toSaudiAramco’s abilitytosuccessfullymeet itsESG targets, includingitsfailuretofullymeet itsGHGemissionsreductiontargets by2050;
any riskrelated tothedigital transformation;conditionsaffecting thetransportationofproducts;operational riskand hazards commonintheoiland gas, refining and petrochemicals industries;the
cyclical nature oftheoilandgas,refining andpetrochemicals industries;politicalandsocialinstabilityandunrestandactual orpotential armed conflictsintheMENA region andother areas;natural
disastersandpublichealth pandemicsorepidemics;themanagement ofSaudiAramco’s growth;themanagement oftheCompany’ssubsidiaries,jointoperations,jointventures, associatesandentities
in which it holdsa minority interest; Saudi Aramco’s exposure to inflation, interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk; risks related to operating in a regulated industryand changes to oil, gas,
environmental orother regulations that impact theindustriesinwhich SaudiAramco operates;legal proceedings, international trade matters, and other disputesoragreements;and other risksand
uncertainties thatcouldcauseactual resultstodiffer fromtheforward-lookingstatements inthispresentation, as setforthintheCompany’s latest periodic reports filed with theSaudiExchange.For
additionalinformation onthepotential risksanduncertainties thatcouldcauseactual resultstodiffer fromtheresultspredicted please seetheCompany’s latest periodic reports filed with theSaudi
Exchange.
Ourforward-lookingstatements speakonlyasofthedateofthispresentationorasofthedatetheyaremade.Weundertakenoobligationtoupdateorreviseanyforward-lookingstatement, whether
asaresultofnewinformation,futureevents orotherwise.Allsubsequentwritten andoralforward-lookingstatements attributabletousortopersonsactingonourbehalfareexpresslyqualifiedin
theirentirety bythecautionarystatements referred toaboveandcontainedelsewhere inthispresentation.
The numbers referenced throughoutthispresentation may notsumprecisely tothetotals provided, andpercentages may notprecisely reflect theabsolutefigures, duetorounding.In addition,this
presentation includescertain “non-IFRSfinancialmeasures” (includingEBIT, adjustedEBIT, adjustednetincome,ROACE,freecashflowandgearing).Thesemeasures arenotrecognized measures under
IFRS and donothave standard meanings prescribed byIFRS.Rather, thesemeasures are provided as additionalinformation tocomplement IFRS measures byprovidingfurther understandingofthe
Company’sresultsofoperationsfrommanagement’s perspective.Accordingly,theyshouldnotbeconsideredinisolationorasasubstituteforanalysisoftheCompany’sfinancialinformationreported
underIFRS.
Certain market data and industrystatisticsin thispresentation are based oninformation fromthird party sourcesnotindependently verified bytheCompany.Market sizeestimates, includingtotal
addressablemarket (TAM), orsimilarprojectionsbasedonsuchdata,areforillustrativepurposesonlyandarenotguarantees offutureperformance.Forareconciliationtothenearest comparableIFRS
measures, see: https://www.aramco.com/en/investors/reports-and-presentations
Ournon-IFRSfinancialmeasures may notbedirectly comparable tosimilarly titled measures presented byothercompanies.Theannualfinancialsfortheyear ended December 31,2025containedin
thispresentationhavebeen audited.Theinterimfinancialstatements areunaudited.
Saudi Aramco FY 2025 Result|s 2
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use
We have a lot to cover today, with a detailed update followed by a question and answer
session. We expect the call to last around an hour.
‐ ‐
Please refer to this cautionary statement on forward-looking information, our regulatory
filings, and our website for more details.
With that, I will now hand the call over to Amin.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 2

--- Page 3 ---
Amin Nasser
President & CEO
Thank you, Peter.
Welcome everyone and we appreciate you joining us, especially at this time.
Before I cover our 2025 performance, first, let me speak about the current events in the
region since last week.
The situation continues to evolve and the safety of our people and our operations remain
our highest priorities.
Aramco has a long track record dealing with such complex challenges, as a result of
having comprehensive contingency plans and a highly capable and well-trained
workforce.
We remain vigilant while working in close coordination with government organizations
and agencies on contingencies as and when required.
Aramco is advantaged by having significant operational flexibility and optionality
throughout our hydrocarbon operations network, allowing us to navigate through
disruptions, which may not be the case for others. And for decades we have
demonstrated our resilience and ability to deliver to our customers safely and reliably,
and continue to do so.
As we continue to deal with rapidly evolving events, we remain focused on safety and
meeting our commitments, thanks to our highly capable Aramco employees, and also our
stakeholders, including our customers, our partners and our government agencies during
this crucial time.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 3

--- Page 4 ---
With that, let me turn to our 2025 performance and our further growth prospects.
In 2025, we delivered consistent operational performance in our major growth projects
and industry-leading earnings while increasing shareholder returns. And we did all of this
while achieving strong safety performance with the lowest total recordable case rates
since our IPO.
This is a testament to our strategy and focused execution, and I am grateful to the entire
Aramco team who made this possible.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 4

--- Page 5 ---
At the same time, Aramco delivered advantaged growth, strong cash generation and
increased dividends, while reducing gearing year-on-year.
Our adjusted net income was 105 billion dollars, more resilient than any of the 5 IOCs,
and our ROACE was around 20%, twice their average.
This benefited from operational excellence and flexibility. Fourth quarter 2025 liquids
production was 11.1 million barrels per day, 1 million barrels per day higher than the
fourth quarter of 2024, reflecting our strength and flexibility in execution, while in the
Downstream we achieved record refining availability and throughput.
During the year, we delivered 4 world-class upstream projects, including Marjan and Berri
crude oil increments, Tanajib gas plant and Jafurah phase 1.
Together these enhance our operational reliability and adaptability, further extending our
production capacity in liquids and gas, and were delivered at a level of capital spending
lower than last year.
Since 2023, we have unlocked 11.3 billion dollars Technology Realized Value of which
5.3 billion dollars was in 2025, all verified by a third-party.
In 2025, operating cash flow was 136 billion dollars, which was slightly higher than 2024
despite an 11 dollar drop in oil prices, and gearing was 3.8%. This makes our balance
sheet the strongest in the sector and gives us the ability to capture value through the
cycle.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 5

--- Page 6 ---
We are on track with our plans to deliver further operating cash flows through our gas
growth and downstream business, with up to a combined 25 billion dollars in 2030. We
also have readily-available crude production capacity which could generate up to around
22 billion dollars, based on 2025 average prices.
In 2025, capital investments reached 52 billion dollars, 1 billion dollars lower than 2024,
and 2026 guidance is 50-55 billion dollars.
Today we have announced that we are growing our sustainable and progressive base
dividend for the fourth time in a row by 3.5% in Q4 to around 22 billion dollars, which is
now up 17% over the past 4 years. This is testament to the strength of our balance sheet
and our confidence in the future.
In addition, we have announced a 2-3 billion dollar share buy back program over the next
18 months primarily to support our employee share purchase plan where participation
levels continue to rise. The timing of this also reflects confidence in our growth strategy
and the long-term value of the Company.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 6

--- Page 7 ---
Turning to the macro environment, we have been clear and consistent that demand is
strong.
Despite geopolitical tensions and tariffs, the global economy in 2025 grew faster than
most expected, up 3.1% year-on-year.
2025 demand was over 106 million barrels a day, another record high, and we
continue to see upward revisions in estimates. Notably, independent demand
estimates since April last year for both 2024 and 2025 have been revised up by an
average of 0.7 and 0.5 million barrels a day respectively, and we expect this trend to
continue.
2026 demand growth is expected to be 1.1 to 1.4 million barrels per day based on
various forecasters, with S&P estimating it to be 107.3 million barrels per day.
This fundamental strength is reflected in healthy physical and trading activity. As we
approach the peak demand season in Q2 and Q3, markets are already tightening with
refinery utilization rates climbing to meet demand. And the market continues to absorb
OPEC+ unwinding, while inventories remain near five-year lows. Given the current
geopolitical situation, we may see inventories eroding and being drawn down faster as
shipments are being curtailed from the region. This is at a time when current global
spare capacity remains extremely low.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 7

--- Page 8 ---
Looking further ahead, underinvestment in new supply continues to shape a
structurally tight market.
According to external analysis, it is over a decade since the industry has approved
resources for development to meet annual production. Last year, that level was just
50%, and expected additional approved resources in 2026 come to lower than 20%.
Near term supply has been supported by higher shale production, but this accelerates
depletion and estimates for production this year are flat. The average reserves life of
the industry majors is around 10 years and continues to decline.
With conventional projects typically taking 5 to 7 years and exploration timelines even
longer, we see the projects we are bringing onstream, the longevity and flexibility they
bring, as key.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 8

--- Page 9 ---
We are delivering advantaged growth across all our businesses.
In Crude, our lowest cost and upstream carbon intensity among IOCs provides durable
competitive advantage. With 2 million barrels per day of readily available spare capacity,
we have unmatched flexibility to capture demand upside. Every 1 million barrels per day
that we bring online has the potential to generate around 10 to 11 billion dollars in
incremental operating cash flow, based on 2025 average prices.
In Gas, our target of around 80% growth in sales gas production capacity by 2030,
versus 2021 production levels is supported by our exclusive supplier position in the
Kingdom, at attractive double-digit rates of return. Our 2030 gas production is expected
to reach around 6 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is more than the total
hydrocarbon output of any other IOC today. And this is expected to generate around 12
to 15 billion dollars in incremental annual operating cash flow in 2030.
In Downstream, we expect our transformation programs and integrated synergies to
generate an incremental 8 to 10 billion dollars in annual operating cash flow in 2030,
while we selectively re-pace liquids-to-chemicals investments, with low equity and high
crude placement opportunities.
In Transition Minerals, we achieved a strong 90% lithium recovery rate from our pilot
projects, a critical milestone supporting our long-term ambitions where we expect to
achieve 15-20 percent IRRs.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 9

--- Page 10 ---
In New Energies we have unique competitive and cost advantages, and have made good
progress with 7.8 gigawatts solar and wind capacity that are operational and under
development. We have the potential to increase our current 12 gigawatts target to 15 to
18 gigawatts equity capacity. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation is
underscored in Hydrogen where we will only proceed with long-term offtake agreements.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 10

--- Page 11 ---
We are bringing on 3 of the largest and lowest cost Upstream projects anywhere in the
world.
The Marjan crude oil increment is onstream, the Berri crude oil increment has completed
construction and commenced water injection operations. Zuluf is on track for completion
this year, and Dammam Phase II is also progressing on track for completion in 2027.
These projects enhance our Upstream portfolio’s flexibility and resilience while
maintaining our diversified crude mix.
On the exploration front, we discovered six new fields and two new reservoirs of Arabian
oil. These additions will further support our already industry-leading liquids reserve life of
more than 50 years.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 11

--- Page 12 ---
In our gas business, we have unrivalled advantages of being the exclusive gas supplier
in what is now the 6th largest gas market globally.
We made significant progress in 2025 in expanding our gas production. Jafurah Phase 1
was successfully commissioned, with first gas in December 2025. The Tanajib Gas Plant
also commenced operations. The two plants will provide about 1.3 billion standard cubic
feet per day of combined sales gas production capacity.
Looking ahead, we remain on track with our major gas projects. Jafurah Phase II and the
Fadhili Gas Plant expansion are progressing well for 2027 completion, while the Master
Gas System Phase III is advancing, set to add 3.15 billion standard cubic feet per day of
transmission capacity by 2028.
Our Jafurah midstream transaction unlocked 11 billion dollars in value, and is an indicator
of the strong investor confidence in our assets and strategy. Internationally, we secured
up to 3.2 million tonnes per annum of LNG volumes through offtake agreements,
enhancing our access to high-growth markets.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 12

--- Page 13 ---
Looking to Downstream, 2025 was a year of strong operational delivery.
Our availability and throughput increased to record levels, allowing us to maintain an
optimal proportion of our crude utilized within our downstream system, even with higher
Upstream crude volumes, and capture stronger refining margins.
Additionally, we have achieved our 2025 target of recurring SABIC synergies with 3.8
billion dollars now delivered.
Downstream’s transformation has been progressing well. From a 2021 baseline to 2025,
the program captured around 5 billion dollars in incremental financial benefits. In 2025
specifically, a new wave of initiatives were introduced to further enhance manufacturing
efficiencies, implement innovative digital solutions, optimize molecules, and deploy cost-
reduction initiatives, all of which generated approximately 1.2 billion dollars in EBIT
versus 2024.
We are expanding our global retail and branding footprint in the Philippines and Chile to
capture more value.
We are also progressing towards our long-term target of 4 million barrels per day of
liquids-to-chemicals capacity, with Shaheen in South Korea, Amiral in Saudi Arabia and
HAPCO projects in China, which are under development and on track for completion in
2026 and 2027, potentially adding 400 thousand barrels per day of liquids-to-chemicals
capacity. Our Gulei II investment in Fujian China reinforces our position at the heart of
the world’s largest petrochemical market.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 13

--- Page 14 ---
By the end of 2025 we had already achieved 45 percent of our long-term liquids-to-
chemicals target. We continue to exercise discipline in a challenging petrochemical
environment, by optimizing and extending the timeline of some of our Downstream
projects. This means that our investments in downstream will be a smaller portion of our
total future plans.
In 2025, we took decisive steps to capture value across the entire hydrocarbon chain and
we are on track to generate an incremental 8 to 10 billion in operating cash flow in 2030.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 14

--- Page 15 ---
Aramco has already demonstrated that it is uniquely positioned to generate more
shareholder value via our extensive data generated over nearly a century, and our
industry-lowest cost advantage.
Where many other companies describe the extent of their efforts, we are going a step
further and showing quantifiable results, with 11.3 billion dollars of TRV generated over
the last 3 years, mostly from capex avoidance. 5.3 billion dollars of this was generated in
2025 with around half from AI solutions. In 2026, we are targeting an additional 3 to 5
billion dollars in Technology Realized Value.
The tangible outcomes of our 2025 TRV initiatives are evident in key areas.
For example, we are able to lower project operating costs and capital expenditures
through reduced drilling time and the use of AI and digitalization in upstream operations.
We are growing new offerings through upgrading feedstock to higher-value chemical
products, while launching new premium fuels with an in-house developed formula to
capture higher margins.
Finally, our plans to invest in HUMAIN will further stregnthen our AI capabilities.
On that note, let me hand over to Ziad to provide more details about our 2025 financial
performance.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 15

--- Page 16 ---
Ziad Al -Murshed
Executive Vice President & CFO
Thank you Amin.
2025 was another year of disciplined execution, operational momentum, and strong
financial performance, all delivered against a backdrop of continued market volatility and
lower crude oil prices.
Despite these headwinds, we once again demonstrated the strength and resilience of our
business model while boosting shareholder returns.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 16

--- Page 17 ---
Our adjusted net income was $104.7 billion in 2025, and it is about the quality of earnings
as well as the scale. These results are the most resilient when compared to our peers,
down only 5% when Brent was down 14%, and our peers were down between 10% and
26%.
Our 12-month rolling ROACE was approximately 20%. This is indeed industry-leading
and more than double the IOC average, even though this includes around $100 billion of
assets under construction that are not yet operational. Excluding this, our ROACE would
have been around 4 percentage points higher.
Upstream adjusted EBIT was solid at $195.5 billion reflecting the contribution from higher
volumes and continued strong cost focus, despite a 14% drop in oil prices.
Downstream adjusted EBIT was $10 billion, up more than 4 times mainly due to our
higher refining availability which captured higher refining margins during the year, and
benefits from synergies and our transformation initiatives.
We booked around $8.6 billion of impairments and fair value impacts from assets held-
for-sale in 2025, mostly relating to our SABIC investment. These are non-cash items that
do not affect our underlying financials.
Operating cash flow was strong at $136.2 billion, which is higher than 2024.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 17

--- Page 18 ---
Through our disciplined approach to capital management, our capital investments totaled
$52.2 billion, at the bottom end of the guidance we provided at Q3 of $52 to 55bn, and
around $1 billion lower than 2024.
Despite lower crude oil prices, free cash flow remained strong at $85.4 billion.
Our balance sheet remains a key market differentiator, with gearing improved to 3.8%,
reflecting our prudent financial management and capital discipline.
In 2025 we also successfully issued a total of $8 billion in new bonds and Sukuk, at
advantaged rates, reaffirming our disciplined access to global capital markets and further
strengthening our liquidity position.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 18

--- Page 19 ---
Now zooming into our quarterly performance.
Our adjusted net income was $25.1 billion in Q4, robust and consistent year-on-year.
Again, this reflects more resilience than the IOC’s average drop of 7% over the same
period.
Our Upstream adjusted EBIT was $47.9 billion in Q4. This is a resilient result, again
driven by higher volumes despite a decline in realized oil prices of 12% year-on-year and
9% quarter-on-quarter.
In Downstream, adjusted EBIT was $3 billion, continuing its improving trend over the last
5 quarters, mainly driven by our higher availability, which gives us the ability to capture
higher refining margins, as well as ongoing synergy and transformation initiatives.
Despite a drop of about $9 per barrel year-on-year in crude oil prices, our operating cash
flow of $40.8 billion in Q4 was up by 14% year-on-year, and it was also up 13% quarter-
on-quarter, reflecting the strength of our underlying business.
Capital discipline continues to be a hallmark of our approach. Capital investments for the
fourth quarter totaled $15.3 billion, to finish the year at the lower end of our guidance,
and we generated some $27.5 billion of free cash flow, up 27% year-on-year and up 17%
quarter-on-quarter.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 19

--- Page 20 ---
Strong cash generation driven by advantaged growth programs
Incremental future OCF
+$10-11bn per 1mmbpd > Growth programs on track
Potential crude production growth from readily available capacity 2 and building momentum to generate
higher future OCF
+$8-10bn
+$12-15bn
Up from $9-10bn
Downstream > Delivered $11bn OCF uplift
+$11bn
business4
in 20251 vs 2024 price-normalized
$136bn vs 20241 $136bn baseline driven by higher crude
Gas growth production
program3
$125bn
> Ongoing focus on shareholder
value maximization supports
future distribution capacity
2024 2024 2025 2030 Expected
Actual Baseline Actual excl. crude
price-normalized1 production upside
1. 2024 OCF of $135.7bn ($80.2/bbl average realized crude oil prices) adjusted to create 202p4r ice-normalized baseline (based on 2025 3. Incremental OCF uplift from higher sales gas production capacity growth target by 2030 (versus 2021 sales gas production) wchhi was
$69.2/bbl average realized crude oil prices) in line with Aramco’s Rule of Thumb revised from over 60% to around 80% in Q3 2025; subject to future sales gas demand and liquids prices
S
2.
a
I
au
n
nd
l
d
in
i b
e
Aa
w
sre
it
ad
h
m o
A
n
ra
c2
m
0o2
c
:5
o
C
’
a
s
v o
R
e
u
mra
le
g p
o
e
f
a B
T
nr
h
ey
u
n
m
tG p
b
r e
a
ic
n
ne
a
,e
l y
er
s
va
is
e l
w
r yU
h
1
ic
ms
h
e m
is i
b
n
p
d
d
ic
o
a
f
ti
s
v
p
e
a
,
r
m
e c
a
a
y
p
c
a
h
c
a
it
n
y
g
u
e
ti
o
liz
v
e
e
d
r
c
ti
o
m
u
e
ld
a
t
n
ra
d
n
m
sla
a
t
y
e
n
t
o
o
t
$
b
-1
e
10 1
p
b
re
n
c
in
is e
in
.
c
A
r
c
e
c
m
o
e
rd
n
i
t
n
a
g
l O
tou
C
lR
F
eof Thumb, 4. Based on 5-year historical average refining and chemicals margins, expected upside from transformation programs and SABIC synieersg Saudi Aramco FY 2025 Result|s 14
As Amin mentioned earlier, our growth programs are firmly on track, and we are building
momentum across our portfolio with resilience and ability to generate strong cash flows in
differerent macro environments.
Our operating cash generating ability is ahead of our peers and we expect significant
further upside based on both our growth and transformation programs.
We delivered a significant operating cashflow uplift of $11 billion in 2025, when
normalizing our 2024 operating cash flows for 2025 average oil prices. This takes our
2025 total operating cash flow to $136 billion, which was mainly driven by higher crude oil
production.
We have the ability to develop strong incremental operating cashflow to achieve our
targets in 2030. In liquids, for illustration, if we were to use half of our available spare
crude oil capacity in 2030, at 2025 average oil prices, that would generate an additional
$10 to 11 billion.
Combined with the incremental $20 to $25 billion from gas and downstream businesses,
that would equate to around $30 to 36 billion of additional operating cash flows, which
would be 22 to 25% higher annualized operating cashflows, providing further upside
potential to future distributions.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 20

--- Page 21 ---
Our approach to capital allocation has always been focused on long-term growth in
underlying free cash flow.
We have provided guidance on capex and external investments at the start of each year
and have demonstrated an excellent track record of delivering at the low end of our
guidance range.
We also said that you should expect capex to peak around the middle of the decade. Our
capex was $53.3bn in 2024, $52.2bn in 2025, and we are guiding $50-55bn for 2026.
We also said that if we found value-accretive additional opportunities we would look at
these with financial discipline if they expanded our advantaged opportunity set. The
partnership in HUMAIN is such an opportunity where we are progressing negotiations,
and we expect to come back to you in due course with more details.
Our new capex mix aligns directly with our medium-term growth priorities: around 65 to
70% to Upstream oil and gas where we see strong growth and visible returns, around 20
to 25% to downstream reflecting a large reduction from previous plans mainly resulting
from re-paced liquids-to-chemicals investments, and approximately 5 to 10% in new
energies and other areas. This excludes our planned investment in HUMAIN.
Our capital focus is always about investing in the right things, at the right time and at the
right level.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 21

--- Page 22 ---
We have unmatched cash flow generation capability across cycles. More than 60% of our
operating cash flow was available for shareholder distributions and external investments,
representing the highest cash availability compared with IOCs, while maintaining the
lowest gearing in the peer group with strong investment-grade credit ratings. This unique
combination of financial strength and flexibility enables our world-class distributions.
Today we announced an increase in our quarterly base dividends by 3.5% to $21.9 billion
to be distributed later this month, projecting an annual base dividend of around $88
billion.
This reflects a 17% increase over 4 years, demonstrating Aramco’s ability to deliver a
sustainable and progressive base dividend.
As mentioned, we have also announced a share buy back program of up to $3 billion
supporting the rising demand for our employee share purchase plan, the timing of which
reflects confidence in our growth strategy and value.
As always, dividends to be paid in the rest of the year remain subject to board approval.
On that note, let me hand you back to Amin.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 22

--- Page 23 ---
Thank you Ziad.
Before we move into Q&A, I want to leave you with a clear message. We aim to
maximize shareholder value through our unique ability to consistently implement our
strategy.
• Our 2025 results demonstrated once again the quality and high returns across
cycles.
• We are delivering growth, increasing shareholder returns, with reduced gearing.
• Our upstream production growth is on track and we are re-pacing liquids-to-
chemicals investments with capital discipline.
• Our gas growth target is designed to capture greater value in a captive market, with
demand upside from the Kingdom’s build-up of data centers.
We are delivering strong operational and financial momentum in the near term and
accelerating value growth into the longer term.
With that, thank you for your attention. Ziad, Peter and I are pleased to take your
questions.
Saudi Aramco: Company General Use 23