--- Page 1 ---
Investing in growth
Innovating for sustainability
Aramco | Sustainability Report 2024

--- Page 2 ---
About this report
Overview
Reporting boundaries, scope, and basis of preparation Our vision
We are Aramco, one Contents
This Report contains data for the full year 2024 (January 1 Aramco’s vision is to be the world’s preeminent
– December 31). Where available, the 2024 sustainability integrated energy and chemicals company, operating
performance has been compared with 2023 and 2022 data. in a safe, sustainable, and reliable manner. Overview
of the world’s largest
Chairman’s message 02
For clarity and transparency, the specific reporting Our mission
boundaries of each sustainability metric for 2024, 2023, President and CEO’s message 03
Aramco strives to provide reliable, affordable, and more
and 2022 data have been noted in detail on page 120 2024 at a glance 04
integrated energy and sustainable energy to communities around the world,
in the Data section of this Report. All financial (including and to deliver value to its shareholders through business The role of oil and gas to meet future demands 08
operational) metrics (unless stated otherwise) are at the
cycles by maintaining its preeminence in oil and gas Positioning Aramco for the future 10
same boundary as applied in our Annual Report and
production and its leading position in chemicals, aiming Our approach to sustainability 14
chemicals companies.
Accounts. For more information on reporting boundaries
to capture value across the energy value chain and
Our stakeholder engagement 18
of our financial metrics, please refer to Aramco’s Annual
profitably growing its portfolio.
Report 2024. Our sustainability focus areas:
Our approach to sustainability reporting Our values
Aramco continued its business growth (including new assets)
In our fourth Sustainability Report, we present how we By living our values and prioritizing sound business
in 2024. The sustainability information for these acquisitions
integrate sustainability practically and responsibly within practices, we consistently achieve high levels of
will be reported after the first full year of operations (once
our corporate strategy and operations; the material performance and efficiency – delivering value not
effective data controls and systems are in place), which is
sustainability issues that impact our business and only for our Company, but for our customers, partners,
aligned with Aramco’s sustainability reporting approach.
stakeholders; a summary of key initiatives; and our and the communities in which we operate. Climate change and
sustainability performance during 2024. Sadara, SABIC, S-Oil, and Luberef’s sustainability data are
Safety | Citizenship | Integrity | Accountability | Excellence the energy transition
not in the scope of this Report. These subsidiaries are publicly
Sustainability for Aramco is about being a responsible
listed and issue separate annual sustainability reports. For more information on our values, visit: S ee page 20
corporate citizen environmentally, socially, and economically.
www.aramco.com/en/about-us/our-governance/
This is underpinned by our four focus areas (Climate change The basis of preparation on how we measure and report
our-values
and the energy transition, Safe operations and people on the sustainability performance metrics that undergo
development, Minimizing environmental impact, and external independent assurance is available online on
Growing societal value), where we elaborate on what Aramco’s website in the Sustainability section.
sustainability means for Aramco and set our relevant
Internal controls and data validation Assured data
ambitions, targets, and metrics. All of this is overseen
Safe operations and
by robust corporate governance (detailed on page 112).
All figures in this Report represent the latest available,
Ⓐ
External limited assurance symbol
internally validated data, unless specifically referenced. The figures within this Report have undergone external people development
Reporting standards Some of the totals presented may reflect the rounding-down limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000
See page 56
This Report has been prepared with reference to and/or or rounding-up of subtotals. (revised). The relevant information is marked with
guidance from the following: this symbol .
External limited assurance Ⓐ
• International Petroleum Industry Environmental External limited assurance has been sought against various T he assurance reports can be found online in the
Conservation Association (Ipieca) sustainability reporting key performance metrics, including GHG emissions, Sustainability section of Aramco’s website.
guidelines; in accordance with the revised International Standard
• Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions measurement and on Assurance Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000 (revised)).
reporting: Greenhouse Gas Protocol, and; Data that has undergone assurance has been referenced Minimizing
throughout the Report.
• Health and safety performance metrics reporting: environmental impact
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) More information on assured data and the assurance S ee page 76
Standards and the American Petroleum Institute’s (API) statements can be found online on our website.
Recommended Practices.
Cover
Above (Investing in growth): Yanbu Refinery is an integral part of Aramco’s refining, chemicals, and marketing portfolio, and is responsible for
Growing
providing critical feedstock and essential fuels to meet the Kingdom’s energy needs. Recently, the facility became the world’s second refinery to
be awarded with World Economic Forum (WEF) Lighthouse status, after undertaking a strategic Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) transformation,
societal value
by implementing technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), advanced analytics, and robotics.
Online report
Below (Innovating for sustainability): LAB7 is Aramco’s innovation and product development center, designed to enable the creation of See page 92
groundbreaking technology including sustainability solutions, and to be an incubator for transforming disruptive ideas into valuable, impactful See our online report: www.aramco.com/en/sustainability/
and sustainable solutions that help address real-world problems. For more information on LAB7, please refer to page 102 of this Report. sustainability-report
Governance 112
This Sustainability Report is issued in both Arabic and
English. Data
Our metrics 122
The print version is identical to its PDF counterpart, which
is available at aramco.com. The Arabic version prevails in Abbreviations, terms, and glossary 129
the event of any discrepancy. The images in this document Forward-looking statements 135
are representative of the services provided by Aramco.
Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 01

--- Page 3 ---
Investing in growth Innovating for sustainability
“Sustainability also means being a good corporate “To complement our net-zero ambition, we have
citizen, focusing on the safety of our people, their set a new interim 2030 target for reducing our
long-term development, and the value we add upstream carbon intensity.”
to society more widely.”
Chairman’s message President and CEO’s message
Throughout 2024, Aramco delivered in the short-term while Other new energies like renewables will also play a role. Aramco’s vision is to be the world’s preeminent integrated Technology also remains a critical component for Aramco
continuing to invest for the long-term. As global demand Saudi Arabia’s geography and climate have the potential energy and chemicals company, operating in a safe, as we seek to develop new sustainability-related solutions
for energy continues to rise, so does our determination to to generate power from solar and wind. Our investments sustainable, and reliable manner. Our operational desire for our Upstream and Downstream businesses. In 2024, we
reliably serve our customers, as we have done for more than will not only help support our environmental ambitions, to deliver on this vision is unchanged. That said, we also further increased the utilization of AI in a number of areas
90 years now. An increasingly important part of this delivery but also contribute in driving long-term value creation for recognize that there are many challenges facing our of our operations. We are now using AI-driven analytics
is incorporating lower-carbon energy, a challenge requiring the Company in an evolving energy landscape. To this end, industry, including an increasingly multi-polar world to monitor and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and
cutting-edge innovation, Company-wide ingenuity, and Aramco recently signed agreements together with our as well as the realities of the global energy transition. most of our critical equipment is also AI-monitored, with
significant levels of investment. partners to develop three new solar PV projects that are predictive algorithms helping to improve facility reliability,
Our Company’s most valuable asset is our people and their
anticipated to contribute to the Kingdom’s power grid. and therefore overall efficiency.
What is clear is that the energy transition will not be safety remains our highest priority. In 2024, we were deeply
a singular event, but a process. As a company, we pride That landscape will not just be shaped by multi-national saddened that eight of our people (six contractors and Looking ahead, we believe a multi-source, multi-speed,
ourselves on doing what is hard and achieving our goals no companies, but by a thriving eco-system of startups too. two employees) lost their lives while working for Aramco. and multi-dimensional approach is required for the global
matter the obstacles. Climate change being defined as the We know the value they can bring to our industry which These tragic incidents were thoroughly investigated and the energy transition in order to properly address the energy
challenge of our time, we are playing our part to change is why Aramco Ventures has been recognized as a top related learnings have now been implemented in an effort security, affordability and sustainability priorities of
the world for the better, just like we have done before. corporate climate venture capital investor and the number to avoid similar reoccurrences. No loss of life is acceptable, individual countries. Against this backdrop, we remain
two investor globally on the Climate 50 list. which is why we continue to work to constantly strengthen confident in Aramco’s ability to adapt to and thrive within
In support of the Kingdom’s efforts to move to lower-carbon
Aramco’s culture of safety excellence. an increasingly carbon-conscious world.
solutions and reduce emissions, Aramco is increasingly Sustainability also means being a good corporate citizen,
displacing oil with gas for power generation. Aramco aims to focusing on the safety of our people, their long-term This is Aramco’s fourth Sustainability Report since Our confidence is based on Aramco having a number
increase sales gas production capacity by more than 60% by development, and the value we add to society more widely. announcing our ambition to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and of competitive advantages, including one of the lowest
2030 compared to 2021 production levels subject to domestic I am proud of the progress we achieved in these areas, Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions across our wholly-owned upstream carbon intensities among producers along with
demand and inclusive of pre-FID projects not yet announced. especially our localization efforts, where our iktva program operated assets by 2050. To complement our net-zero our unique scale and low lifting costs. That said, our greatest
achieved a score of 67.0% local content across our ambition, we have also set a new 2030 interim target for advantage is our people, and through their efforts we help
A significant part of the transition will be reducing emissions
procurement, up from 35.0% nearly a decade ago. reducing our upstream carbon intensity. deliver the reliable energy supply that our customers around
from existing sources of energy, critical for reliability and
the world require both now and in the future.
affordability. We continue to find new ways to minimize We believe AI has a significant role to play in the energy In 2024, we made further progress on a number of fronts,
flaring and methane emissions while improving energy industry, especially in the field of sustainability. That is why including signing a shareholder agreement to develop
efficiency across our operations. As Aramco is a founding Aramco is integrating these new technologies into our a carbon capture and storage hub, in Jubail, Saudi Arabia.
Amin H. Nasser
member of the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI), and has operations to get more value from our vast amounts of data, When completed, this facility is expected to be one of the
President and CEO
already surpassed the OGCI’s methane intensity target. We improve the efficiency of our operations, and further lower largest such projects in the world. Hydrogen is another area
are taking actions to further reduce our methane intensity our emissions. where we see potential growth opportunities, leading to
through various initiatives, such as the deployment of a new our acquisition of a 50% stake in a blue hydrogen company.
These kinds of achievements are only possible because
satellite network to monitor emissions across our facilities.
of the continued support and guidance of The Custodian of As part of our efforts to positively contribute to the global
Important initiatives, such as carbon capture and storage, the Two Holy Mosques King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud, energy transition, we have also signed a non-binding
are contributing towards building a circular carbon economy and His Royal Highness Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Heads of Terms agreement with Ma’aden to establish
by enabling our blue hydrogen programs, as well as playing Abdulaziz Al-Saud, Crown Prince and Prime Minister of the a joint venture for minerals exploration and mining
their part in reducing emissions from our operations. In Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. in Saudi Arabia. The joint venture would draw on Aramco’s
2024, we advanced negotiations for offtake agreements extensive geoscience data and subsurface knowledge,
We are grateful to all who have played a part in a successful
in key markets such as East Asia and Europe as part of our with lithium production potentially commencing by 2027.
year, one which took us another step closer to achieving our
long-term alternative fuels’ plans.
long-term sustainability goals.
H.E. Yasir O. Al-Rumayyan
Chairman of the Board of Directors
02 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 03

--- Page 4 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
2024 at a glance Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Our business performance
Inputs Outcomes and impacts
Operations Financial Operations Financial
Total hydrocarbon reserves1 Maximum sustainable capacity Capital expenditure3 Net debt4 Products produced Upstream carbon intensity7 Net income Free cash flow11
(billion boe) (MMbd) (billion) (billion) • Crude oil (kg CO e/boe) (billion) (billion)
2
• Gas
250.0 12.0 $ 50  189 $ 21  78 • NGL 9.7 $ 106  398 $ 85  320
• Condensate
• Chemicals
• Refined products
Net refining capacity Net chemicals production Average capital employed4 Scope 2 emissions7 Dividends paid10 Return on average capital
(MMbd) capacity2 (MMtpa) (billion) • Electricity (MMtCO e) (billion) employed (ROACE)11 (%)
2
• Blue ammonia
4.1 57.6 533  • Nonmetallics 12.4 127  20.2
$ 1,999 $ 478
Relationships
Total hydrocarbon production* Total liquids production* Scope 1 emissions Reliability8 Relationships
(MMboed) (MMbd) (MMtCO e) (%)
2
Stakeholders5 Countries of operations
in-Kingdom Total Value Add Payments to the Saudi and
12.4 10.3 • Employees 56.1 99.7
(iktva)12 (%) foreign governments13 (billion)
• Customers 50+
• Suppliers 67.0 204 
$ 765
• Partners
Total gas production* Power supplied to the Technology realized value (TRV)
(bscfd) • Governments national grid6 (GW) captured9 (billion)
• Communities
Human
10.8 • Investors 0.7 4 
$ 15
• Regulators
Fatalities Total recordable case rate
(per 200,000 work hours)
Human 6. Excess power supplied to the national grid through Aramco’s captive 8
* Total hydrocarbon production (mboed) is derived from mmscfd (for power plants. 0.046
natural gas and ethane) by dividing the relevant product production 7. Market-based.
by 5.400 (in the case of natural gas) and 3.330 (in the case of ethane). Company employees Nationalities 8. Applies to the Company.
Total liquids is comprised of crude oil, NGL and condensate. Total gas 9. Figure has been independently validated.
includes natural gas and ethane. 10. Dividends paid includes dividends to shareholders and non-controlling
75,118 94 Tier 1 process safety events Female employees in
1. Hydrocarbon reserves of Saudi Arabian Oil Company (the Company) interests in subsidiaries.
leadership positions (%)
as at December 31, 2024, under the Concession agreement. 11. Non-IFRS measure: Refer to the “Non-IFRS measures reconciliations and
2. Excludes SABIC Agri-Nutrients business and includes only ZPC’s net definitions” on page 39 in the Aramco Annual Report 2024. 9
chemical production capacity through our investment in Rongsheng. 12. iktva is a program created by Aramco to build local supply chain capacity 5.8
3. Capital expenditures do not include external investments. and capability by measuring total in-Kingdom procurement spend, as
4. Refer to pages 18 and 19 for more information on our stakeholders a percentage of our total procurement spend.
and how we work with them. 13. Includes income taxes, royalties, and dividends to the Saudi Government.
5. For definition of average capital employed and net debt, refer to the This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with
“Non-IFRS measures reconciliations and definitions” on page 39 the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the
in the Aramco Annual Report 2024. Sustainability section of our website.
04 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 05

--- Page 5 ---
2024 at a glance continued
Our focus areas We have four focus areas, overseen by robust governance Underpinning these focus areas are metrics. Monitoring
practices (detailed on page 112), that provide an overview our metrics (including key performance indicators (KPIs))
Our Aramco has an important role in helping the world navigate
of how we manage our sustainability performance: is important for us in order to manage our sustainability
the energy transition. What we do as a global community
performance, responsibly and effectively.
will determine the legacy we leave for future generations.
• Climate change and the energy transition;
Our intention is to be a part of the solution that creates • Safe operations and people development;
sustainability
a stable energy environment to foster innovation and growth
• Minimizing environmental impact; and
opportunities in developing and developed countries.
• Growing societal value.
We also aim to deliver a healthier, safer, and rewarding
performance
environment for our people, our suppliers, and communities
where we operate while rehabilitating and mitigating the
impact on our natural environment.
Climate change and the energy transition Safe operations and people development Minimizing environmental impact Growing societal value
We aim to provide affordable, reliable energy as one We strive to provide a safe and respectful working We endeavor to conserve natural resources, apply We seek to grow value wherever we operate. With
of the lowest upstream carbon intensity producers of environment for all, on-site and within the community, circular models across our value chain, and to have our headquarters in Saudi Arabia, we have invested
hydrocarbon products, while we continue our ambition supported by comprehensive policies and resources. a legacy of projects that improve both natural habitats in the Kingdom’s oil and gas ecosystem to enhance the
to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions We aim to support, diversify, and empower our and shared resources. reliability of our supply chain, providing employment
across wholly-owned operated assets by 2050. workforce. and economic opportunities to thousands of Saudi
• Rise of 5.4 p.p. in the net positive impact on biodiversity
• Our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (market-based) • The total recordable case rate and the lost time injuries/ was largely due to the doubling of the number of nationals.
rose by 1.8% and our upstream carbon intensity illnesses rate remain broadly comparable to the 2023 Biodiversity Protection Areas (BPAs) to 28 (versus 14 • Total procurement spending is estimated to have
increased by 1.0%, due to higher gas production to performance, despite the eight fatalities in our in 2023). contributed $240.0 billion in GDP since iktva’s inception
support the Kingdom’s growing domestic demand. workforce suffered regrettably during the year. • Achieved 95% ISO 14001 certification at 57 Upstream in 2015, when considering the direct and indirect supply
• Our upstream methane emissions decreased by 11.4% • Number of Tier 1 process safety events fell by 40.0% and Downstream asset-based organizations enrolled chain contribution to the Kingdom’s economy.
and our upstream methane intensity decreased in 2024 reflecting the improvement in Aramco’s process in Aramco’s Environmental Management System (EMS). • Social investments made around the world totaling
by 0.01 percentage point (p.p.). safety and asset integrity practices. • Decrease of 41.7% in the number of spills primarily $5831 million rose by over 20% during the year compared
• As a signatory to the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter • Ranked among the top 100 in the 2024 edition of the attributed to the preventive maintenance and repair to 2023.
(OGDC), we have a new interim target for 2030 to reduce World’s Best Employers by Statista, published in Forbes, of our pipelines, along with improved procedures. • Continued commitment to building the capacity of local
our upstream carbon intensity to 8.6 kg CO e/boe. and achieved the highest ranking among industry peers, • Continued upgrading Sulfur Recovery Units (SRU) with Saudi citizens with a 1.99% increase, totaling 15,400
2
• Completed five third-party verified carbon offset crude in addition to being certified as Top Employer in Saudi tail gas treatment units. in 2024, of the number of people in our sponsored
cargo shipments with an average carbon intensity of Arabia in 2025 by the Top Employer Institute. • Continued pursuing a water neutrality aspiration. community programs, and achieving 90.2% Saudization
7.48 kg CO e/boe. • 32.2% increase in the number of female employees • Received the International Sustainability & Carbon in our workforce.
2
• In 2024, our Sustainability Fund invested $107 million* in leadership positions. Certifications (ISCC PLUS) for Yanbu NGL and ARLANXEO • Providing growth acceleration services via the Taleed
(in seven* new portfolio companies) for the development • Our employees spent a total of 13.8 million hours products for a variety of plants across the globe. program to support the sustainability and scale-up of
of sustainability technologies and initiatives. on training and development in 2024, an increase of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), including
• Procured 1.1 million tons of carbon credits from the 53.3% from 2023. building partnerships and networks, business
Regional Voluntary Carbon Market and retired • Recorded an employee experience index rating of 88%, development, and attracting investments.
0.51 MMtCO e credits to offset our corporate emissions. representing the highest score since the introduction
2
of employee experience surveys in 2018.
Total Scope 1 and Upstream carbon Upstream methane Fatalities Tier 1 process Female employees in Net positive impact Hydrocarbon spills Freshwater iktva procurement Saudization Social investment
Scope 2 emissions intensity intensity (number) safety events leadership positions (biodiversity and (number) consumption spend in-Kingdom (%) ($ million)
(market-based) (market-based) (%) (number) (number) ecosystems) (%) (million m3) (%)
(MMtCO e) (kg CO e/boe)
2 2
1
68.5 9.7 0.04 8 9 308 91.0 7 83.0 67.0 90.2 583
(2023: 67.3 ) (2023: 9.6 ) (2023: 0.05 ) (2023: 3 ) (2023: 15) (2023: 233) (2023: 85.6 ) (2023: 12) (2023: 89.9 ) (2023: 65.0) (2023: 90.3) (2023: 475)
For more details, see page 20 For more details, see page 56 For more details, see page 76 For more details, see page 92
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
* Metric reported for the first time externally. of our website.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section 1. In 2024, the boundary for this metric has been expanded to operational control, as it now includes our overseas subsidiaries, like ARLANXEO and Motiva. Under the prior
of our website. year reporting boundary, the social investment would be $581 million.
06 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 07

--- Page 6 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
The role of oil and gas to meet future demands Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Megatrends due to shape our
everyday life in the near future
Global megatrends
The global population is projected Rising global demand A materials transition is Energy demand continues Hard-to-abate sectors still AI and digitalization are
to rise by over 25%1 by 2050,
for essential resources essential for an effective energy to grow rely on oil and gas creating a new energy
and by over 40%1 by 2100.
transition towards net-zero demand boom
As the world seeks to meet its
energy needs in a more sustainable Food production is expected Building solar and wind systems Global energy demand expected Aviation fuel demand expected Data centers will use over 3%
~ ~ ~ >
manner, oil and gas will continue 40 to rise by 40% by 2050 to 10 requires roughly a tenfold increase 47 to grow by 47% by 20504 2 to more than double by 20505 3 of global electricity by 2030,
% x % x %
feed 9+ billion people2 in common materials to deliver the compared to 1% of global
to play a critical role in enabling
same quantity of energy compared energy demand in 20226
this transition.
to building traditional energy
Aramco is uniquely positioned
systems (e.g., a natural gas plant)3
to respond to these megatrends By 2050, the world will need more In pursuit of net-zero emissions, Ongoing growth in the global population While electrification is advancing, The rise of AI, cloud computing,
by adopting sustainable energy food, housing, and medical support renewables alone cannot yet meet and improving living standards will industries such as aviation, shipping, and automation is leading to
production technologies than ever before. These industries global energy demand. Additionally, see energy demand continue to rise, and heavy manufacturing cannot yet a surge in electricity consumption.
and practices that minimize depend on fertilizers, energy-intensive wind turbines, solar panels, and especially in developing countries, transition away from hydrocarbons. Data centers alone are projected
environmental impact. manufacturing, and petrochemical electric vehicles (EVs) all require where economic progress will require Oil and gas will continue to support to use over 3% of global electricity
products, which are largely dependent petrochemicals, lubricants, and greater energy and materials demand. these sectors through lower emission by 20306. Gas provides a reliable
on oil and gas. Ensuring more advanced materials derived from oil Oil and gas remain essential to meet solutions such as lower-carbon energy source to support this
sustainable and efficient production, and gas. These materials are essential this growing global energy demand, aviation fuel (LCAF), advanced rapidly growing sector.
while minimizing environmental for manufacturing turbine blades, with new sources of energy materials, and generating energy
impact, is key to meeting this demand. battery components, insulation for supplementing, rather than replacing, for heavy industrial processes.
power grids, and carbon fiber. conventional energy sources.
Oil and gas: navigating megatrends for a more sustainable future
As global demand for Supporting reliable energy Enabling renewable Advancing on carbon capture Developing lower-carbon fuels Building sustainable operations
lower-emission energy
supply, access, and energy growth and circular economy solutions and hydrogen innovation and identifying efficiencies
continues to grow, oil and gas
economic growth Renewables rely on hydrocarbons for Reducing emissions and improving New fuel technologies are helping As AI use grows, data center demand
remain critical in supporting
key components and support. Oil and efficiency are key to the future of reduce emissions across multiple will rise everywhere. The oil and
Oil and gas remain essential in
sustainability efforts, such as gas help: energy. The sector is investing in: industries. Oil and gas are driving: gas industry has a role to play, as
ensuring access to affordable and
an energy provider and an adopter
advancing carbon capture reliable energy. This includes: • Provide essential materials for • CCUS technologies to capture and • Blue hydrogen production:
of AI:
technologies and supporting solar panels, wind turbines, and store CO from industrial operations; which provides a lower-emission
• Providing energy security and 2
EV batteries. as well as potentially utilizing the fuel alternative. • Developing countries are likely
the growth of renewables.
stability for both developed and
captured carbon for enhanced oil to rely on gas for energy for
emerging economies. • Stabilize grids by balancing energy • Synthetic fuels and biofuels:
recovery, and value adding products. data centers, before switching
supply when renewables fluctuate. offering opportunities to be part
• Investing in infrastructure projects
to alternatives.
• Recycling and advanced of a lower-carbon fuel blend.
that drive industrial growth.
petrochemical solutions to reduce • AI monitoring systems that
• LCAF: providing a practical, scalable
waste. enhance efficiency and identify
pathway for reducing emissions
sustainable opportunities
from aviation.
in operations.
1. United Nations, 2024. In June 2024, the world population reached 7.6 billion people and is expected to reach 9.8 billion in 2050, and 11.2 billion in 2100. 4. S&P Global, 2021.
2. World Economic Forum, 2022. 5. Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, 2024.
3. Issues in Science and Technology, Arizona State University, 2022. 6. World Economic Forum, 2025.
08 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 09

--- Page 7 ---
Positioning Aramco for the future
Reliable and affordable Delivering value through products and beyond
What are these scenarios?
energy through oil and gas Producing oil and gas with one of the lowest amount of GHG emissions during production and one of the lowest cost per
Scenarios are alternative pathways depicting future energy
barrel compared to industry peers, we will continue to demonstrate leadership in helping meet the world’s growing energy
landscapes. These scenarios can broadly be categorized into
Oil and gas are expected to play an essential role in meeting three groups: demand in a practical, stable, and orderly manner.
the world’s needs for reliable and affordable energy. Disruptive transition scenarios assume rapid emergence and
deployment of technological breakthroughs and forceful
displacement of existing energy systems, but with questions Our competitive advantages
The scenarios around plausibility, a key criterion for developing scenarios;
Accelerated transition scenarios project a phasing-down of Our ambition is to be the supplier of crude oil with lower upstream carbon intensity compared to industry peers.
A vast range of projections exist for global energy
hydrocarbons which contrasts with the historical trend of
demand. adding new sources of energy, but never phasing out existing
Lower upstream Low cost and large scale
sources of energy; and
carbon intensity
Reference case scenarios depict a landscape that assumes slow
Global oil demand1 (MMboed) incremental development in line with past trends, with new
developments that have a high probability of occurring in the
Reference case 9.7 250.0 3.5 99.7
120 600 future and hydrocarbons continuing to play a major role in the
Reference case
energy mix.
100 500 Upstream carbon Total hydrocarbon Average upstream Product delivered
80 Accelerated transition 400 How do we use scenarios? intensity (kg CO 2 e/boe) reserves1 (billion boe) lifting costs ($/boe) within 24 hours of
60 300 Accelerated transition the scheduled time
Performing scenarios analysis is not new for Aramco, and it is
(reliability %)
40 200 something we have been doing for decades. Without performing
20 Disruptive transition 100 regular and robust scenario analysis, we would not have built
0 0 a responsible, resilient, and reliaDbislreu Aptrivaem trcaon tshitiaotn we see today. 0.04 12.0 10.3 10.8
We use independent third-party scenarios and our in-house
2024 2050 2024 2050
experts develop scenarios using advanced tools and models. These Upstream methane Maximum sustainable Total liquids production2 Total gas production2
scenario narratives are founded on the energy trilemma framework intensity (%) capacity (MMbd) (MMbd) (bscfd)
developed by the World Energy Council. They not only depict
Global gas demand2 (bscfd) the trade-offs between affordability, security, and sustainability
but also find common areas where the trilemma can potentially
Reference case
120 600 converge. These scenarios help us benchmark against consensus
Reference case
views and evaluate their plausibility with ongoing policy
100 500
developments, technological progress, and investment levels.
Beyond products
80 400
Accelerated transition
60 300 Accelerated transition What do these scenarios tell us?
Beyond our traditional products, Aramco continues to innovate and contribute to society around the world.
40 200 While the degree to which oil and gas is used will vary depending
20 Disruptive transition 100 on the pace of the world’s energy and materials transition, under
Innovation Society
Disruptive transition all projected scenarios, oil and gas is expected to continue to play
0 0
an eminent role in meeting global energy and materials demand.
2024 2050 2024 2050
Scenarios tell us the window of uncertainty and possible outcomes
~
63 7 240.0 14
in our business landscape. They also assist in assessing the % $ billion $ billion million
1. These projected scenarios are based on publicly available scenarios from resilience of our current business and future investments. Aramco’s
Of our research and Aramco Ventures Cumulative iktva GDP Hours spent on educating
Energy Information Agency (EIA), S&P Global, and our peer companies. hydrocarbon products have one of the lowest upstream carbon
development (R&D) contribution since 2015 our people (training
2. These projected scenarios are based on publicly available scenarios from EIA, intensity among its peers. As Aramco continues its efforts to
WoodMac, Rystad, and our peer companies. enhance its reliability and lower upstream carbon intensity, these spend is dedicated to and development)
two factors will potentially make our operations resilient under the sustainability-related R&D
evaluated scenarios.
>
400 4 583 160
ppm $ billion $ million
Lithium concentration in existing TRV captured3 Social investment Schools built and
The outcomes areas with potential commercial maintained
usage to create energy
These projections indicate that oil and gas are expected to continue to be an essential part of the mix. transition-related minerals
Why is oil and gas expected to be part of the energy mix?
Achieving a lower-carbon future requires an effective materials transition. Lightweight, carbon-based materials can complement or replace more People Governments
emission-intensive options like steel and iron. Natural gas will also
For the past six decades, oil has dominated the global energy mix,
help cut emissions by replacing coal in power generation. Additionally,
while natural gas continues to expand as industries move away from
with food demand projected to grow by 40%3 by 2050, natural gas
+75,000 18 204
higher-emission fuels. Sectors like aviation and shipping, for which $ billion $ billion
will remain essential for fertilizer production, supporting a population
emissions are hard to abate, still rely on oil due to its high energy
expected to rise by over 25%4 by 2050 and over 40%4 by 2100. Employees Wages per annum Payments to the Saudi
density. Even with the rise of EVs, only a fraction of oil demand is
and foreign governments4
expected to decline, as most transportation systems worldwide still As hydrocarbons continue to be part of the energy mix, managing
depend heavily on oil. emissions will be critical – requiring investment in carbon capture,
removal technologies, and verified offsets.
While EV adoption is growing, it is expected not to drastically reduce
oil demand. Beyond transportation, oil and gas will play a key role
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
in supporting lower-carbon solutions by driving the shift to
3. World Economic Forum, 2022.
of our website.
alternative materials. 4. United Nations, 2025.
1. Hydrocarbon reserves of Saudi Arabian Oil Company (the Company) as at December 31, 2024, under the Concession agreement.
2. Total liquids production includes crude, NGL, and condensate. Total gas includes natural gas and ethane.
3. Figure independently validated.
10 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 11
4. Includes income taxes, royalties, and dividends to the Saudi Government.

--- Page 8 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Positioning Aramco for the future continued Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Sustainability
Our strategic themes Our key enablers
To achieve its vision, Aramco focuses on four strategic Aramco’ s strategy requires a number of enablers to be successful,
themes across its businesses: including:
and our
People
Upstream preeminence Link to sustainability Aramco recognizes the need to prepare its workforce of the future
strategy
to ensure its capabilities match its strategic requirements. This
As the principal engine of value generation, Aramco Differentiate
includes advancing technical and professional skills, developing
intends to maintain its position as the world’s largest A leader in lower commercial and leadership competencies, supporting the progress
crude oil company by production volume and one upstream carbon
of localization, and focusing on equity and inclusion.
of the lowest-cost producers. The Company’s intensity operations
vast reserves base, spare capacity, and unique
Technology
operational flexibility allow it to effectively
respond to changes in demand. Aramco’ s technology program aims to develop new solutions for
its Upstream and Downstream businesses, help diversify its product
Aramco’s strategy is driven by its belief that reliable portfolio, grow its business sustainably, and achieve its net- zero
and affordable energy supplies, including oil and gas, ambition.
will be required to meet the world’s growing energy
The program also aims to enable Aramco to grow its business
demand, and that new lower-carbon energy supplies
competitively and sustainably in new areas such as new energies,
will gradually complement conventional sources.
Downstream integration Link to sustainability
advanced materials, and digital solutions.
Aramco continues to work to achieve further reductions
in GHG emissions from its oil and gas operations. Aramco has a dedicated system of domestic and Diversify
Portfolio optimization
Aramco also invests in technologies and solutions
international wholly-owned and affiliated refineries Diversifying our products
supporting the global energy and materials transition
that serve to monetize its upstream production. and lower emissions Aramco seeks to unlock value, enhance its capital structure,
toward a lower-carbon emissions future. The world’s Through continued strategic integration, the value chain and reallocate capital to higher growth and return investments.
demand for affordable, reliable, and more sustainable
Company captures additional value across the It follows a comprehensive and disciplined internal approval process
energy will continue to grow, and Aramco believes it
hydrocarbon value chain. for capital expenditures, new projects, and debt issuances.
can best be met by a broad mix of energy solutions.
Within this context, Aramco’s vision is to be the world’s
preeminent integrated energy and chemicals company,
operating in a safe, sustainable, and reliable manner.
Aramco strives to provide reliable, affordable, and more
sustainable energy to communities around the world, Lower-carbon initiatives Link to sustainability Our sustainability focus areas
and to deliver value to its shareholders through business
cycles by maintaining its preeminence in oil and gas Aramco aims to lower the net carbon emissions Sustain
production and its leading position in chemicals, aiming of its operations and support the global energy Providing customers with
t p o r o c f a i p ta t b u l r y e g v r a o lu w e i n a g c r i o ts s s p t o h r e tf e o n li e o r . gy value chain and t E r n a e n r s g it i i e o s n b t u h s r i o n u e g ss h t d h e a v t e in lo c p lu m d e e n s t r e o n f e a w N a e b w le lower emissions solutions g e 2 0 S e e p
a a
Aramco seeks to deliver value across four dimensions:
p
an
o
d
w
s
e
o
r
l
g
u
e
ti
n
o
e
n
r
s
a
a
ti
c
o
r
n
o s
a
s
n
t
d
h e
lo
e
w
n
e
e
r
r
-
g
c
y
a
,
r
c
b
h
o
e
n
m
p
i
r
c
o
a
d
ls
u
,
cts
S e
e p
chan
C
g
li
e
m
a
a
n
t
d
e S
o
a
p
f
e
e
r ations
g e
5 6
profitability, resilience, growth, and sustainability.
the energy and people
and materials sectors.
Sustainability is the value lens through which Aramco
transition development
measures its impact on climate change and the energy
transition, the safety of its operations and development
of its people, the environmental impact of its operations,
and the economic and social impact it has in the
How we
communities where it operates.
Localization and promotion Link to sustainability work
of National Champions Growing G o verna n c e
societal value
Aramco facilitates the development of
Growing Minimizing
Creating value and
a diverse, more sustainable, and globally
societal environmental
supporting communities
competitive in-Kingdom energy
through responsible value impact 6
ecosystem to underpin the Company’s business practices S e e g e 7
competitiveness and support the p a
g e
p a
e e
Kingdom’s economic development. 9 2 S
12 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 13

--- Page 9 ---
United
Nations’ Sustainable Development
Goals
Saudi
Arabia's Vision
2030
Providing equal
Energy efficiency opportunities
Circular carbon Youth
economy mco’s sustainability focus
a
empowerment
Ar
a re
a
s
Saudi Green
Reducing
Initiative Climate Safe unemployment
change and operations
Developing the energy and people
Caring
digital
transition development for health
infrastructure
Renewable Attracting
energy talent
How we
work
Diversifying Reducing
G e
the economy o verna n c all types of
pollution
Supporting Growing Minimizing
innovation and Optimal use societal environmental
entrepreneurship of water
value impact resources
Investing for
Waste
the long-term
management
Enhancing Preserving
quality of life natural
habitats
Boosting small
Combating
and medium
desertification
enterprises (SMEs)
Aramco Sustainability Report 2024
Impact
level
on
our
business
Very
high
High
Our approach to sustainability
Our sustainability framework Our material
sustainability topics
Our sustainability framework presents the key areas that the material sustainability topics stakeholders expect from During 2024, we conducted our annual materiality1 refresh • 13 material sustainability topics, plus a focus on corporate
hold the greatest potential for our business to have long- us, and we feel a responsibility to address. Our sustainability exercise to evaluate whether our sustainability focus areas, governance, as our overarching material topic, have been
term positive impacts, connecting the Saudi Vision 2030 focus areas and sustainability performance is overseen by fourteen material topics, prioritized UN SDGs, and metrics identified as being the issues stakeholders expect from us,
and UN SDGs to our four focus areas, which incorporate governance provided by our Board of Directors. remain appropriate and relevant. and we feel, as a business, a responsibility to address;
• Updated our sustainability framework to align further
We held more than 30 interviews with senior executives
with the Saudi Vision 2030 and ensure our support
across the Company, and external stakeholders (including
remains appropriate via our four focus areas;
those outside our industry), benchmarked ourselves against
over 10 international and state-owned energy and chemical • Confirmation that our roadmap to establish additional
companies, as well as the requirements of sustainability metrics to better monitor, manage, and report on our
standards. performance under each focus area and material topic
remains appropriate. Due to the increasing maturity of
Our materiality assessment is a detailed analysis of the
existing metrics and the introduction of new metrics as
risks and opportunities that impact our stakeholders,
part of our ongoing improvement in line with international
environment, and areas that we feel we have an influence
sustainability standards, we have increased the number
over, and serves as an important process for selecting key
of metrics in this Report to 80 (an 8.1% increase in metrics
sustainability topics for Aramco.
from the 74 metrics in our 2023 Sustainability Report); and
The following are learnings and subsequent actions from
• Increasing the number of our metrics in our Sustainability
our materiality refresh exercise and extensive stakeholder
Report undergoing external limited assurance; from
engagement:
18 metrics in 2023 to 24 metrics in 2024. This means that
since our inaugural 2021 Sustainability Report, 64 metrics
• Our four sustainability focus areas (plus our focus on
have undergone external limited assurance.
corporate governance2) are still appropriate and relevant;
Our material topics
Climate change and the
Climate change
energy transition
(including GHG
emissions) Safe operations and people
development
Workforce protection
Minimizing environmental
Process safety impact
and asset integrity Growing societal value
Human rights
Human rights in National
the supply chain
content
Product stewardship Economic
Water and waste management contribution
management
Community and society
Local environmental impact
Labor practices
Biodiversity and
ecosystem services
High Very high
Impact level on our stakeholders
1. The concept of “materiality” refers to the guidance on external reporting from the Global Reporting Initiative, and does not necessarily correspond to the concept of
materiality used in connection with Aramco’s financial reports.
2. For more information on our governance, relevant material topics, and our governance metrics, please refer to page 112 in this Report, and page 86 in the Aramco Annual
Report 2024.
14 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 15

--- Page 10 ---
Our approach to sustainability continued
Mapping our material
sustainability topics
Climate change and the energy transition Minimizing environmental impact
For SDG contribution see page 23 For SDG contribution see page 79
Material topic and impact Relevant metric to monitor performance against material issue SDGs Material topic and impact Relevant metric to monitor performance against material issue SDGs
Climate change • Scope 1 emissions (million metric tons of CO e) • Energy intensity (thousand Btu per boe) Local environmental • Number of hydrocarbon spills • Hydrocarbon discharge to water (barrels)
2
(including GHG • Scope 2 emissions (location-based) • Energy consumption (MMBtu/hr) impact • Volume of hydrocarbon spills (bbl) • SOx emissions (metric kilotons)
emissions) (million metric tons of CO e) • % of sustainability-related R&D out of total • Recovered hydrocarbons (%) • Sites with ISO 14001 certification (%)
2
• Scope 2 emissions (market-based) R&D spend
(million metric tons of CO e) • % of patents filed relating to sustainability Biodiversity and • Net positive impact (biodiversity and ecosystems) (%)
2
ecosystem services
• Upstream carbon intensity (location-based) technologies (sustainability patents filed/total
(kg CO e/boe) patents filed, %)
2 Water • Freshwater consumption (million m3) • Freshwater withdrawal (million m3)
• Upstream carbon intensity (market-based) • Number of patents granted relating to sustainability
management • Freshwater intensity (%)
(kg CO e/boe) technologies*
2
• Upstream methane emissions (metric tons of CH ) • Sustainability Fund: number of new portfolio Product stewardship • Industrial waste disposed (metric tons) • Industrial waste recycled (%)
4
• Upstream methane intensity (%) companies* and waste management
• Flaring intensity (scf/boe) • Sustainability Fund: $ invested (million)*
• Flared gas (MMscf)
Growing societal value
For SDG contribution see page 95
Safe operations and people development
For SDG contribution see page 59 Material topic and impact Relevant metric to monitor performance against material issue SDGs
National content • Saudization (%) • iktva procurement spend within the Kingdom (%)
Material topic and impact Relevant metric to monitor performance against material issue SDGs
• Saudization of construction contracts (%) • Cumulative iktva GDP contribution ($ billion)
Workforce protection • Number of fatalities • Total recordable case rate (per 200,000 work hours) • Saudization of service contracts (%)
• Fatal accident rate (per 100,000,000 work hours) • Health performance (%)
Human rights in • % of active suppliers signed up to Aramco’s Supplier • Number of active suppliers
• Lost time injuries/illnesses rate (per 200,000 work hours)
the supply chain Code of Conduct
Process safety • Number of Tier 1 process safety events
Community and society • Social investment ($ million) • Number of Aramco facilitated community
and asset integrity
• Number of volunteers volunteers
Human rights • Number of grievances raised • Sites with a grievance mechanism in place (%) • Number of volunteer hours • Number of Aramco facilitated community
volunteering hours
• Number of employee volunteers
Labor practices • Number of Company employees • Average hours of training and development • Number of people on Aramco sponsored
• Number of employee volunteering hours
• Number of contractor employees per employee programs
• Number of nationalities in workforce • Number of hired graduates
Economic • Direct economic value generated and distributed
• Breakdown of Company employees by age • Number of apprentices (new intakes)
contribution • Total R&D expenses ($ million)
• Breakdown of Company employees by age (%)* • Number of interns
• Number of female employees • Employee experience index rating1 (%)
• Female (%) of total employees • Attrition rate (%)
• Number of female employees in leadership positions • Employees receiving regular performance reviews
(%)
• Females (%) in leadership positions
• Employee turnover by gender (%)*
• Female (%) of total number of new hires
• Total hours of training and development (million hours)
* Metric reported for the first time externally.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website. This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
1. Previously employee engagement score (%). of our website.
16 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 17

--- Page 11 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Our stakeholder engagement Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Our people
Sustainability in action
Stakeholder
Cultivating young talent around the world
Our local Our
communities customers
Given our global footprint, we are keen to engage with
engagement
youth around the world to build local capacity and capability.
As well as supporting youth in Saudi Arabia, as detailed
In the UK, Aramco Overseas Company B.V. (AOC) (our
on page 75, we engage internationally with local
Aramco’s wholly-owned subsidiary headquartered in Netherlands)
communities wherever we operate.
Aramco values the relationship it has Local charities Our partnered with Silverstone Museum to launch a Future
with the society within which we operate. and non-profit stakeholders suppliers, In the US, Motiva (our wholly-owned subsidiary) ran Tech exhibit during the British Grand Prix weekend. The
Aramco interacts with a range of stakeholders organizations partners, and an Aspire Mentoring Program, where each high-school permanent exhibit created a new area in the museum
contractors
to ensure that their perspectives are student, from three partnering schools, was matched for visitors to explore Aramco’s latest technologies in an
considered in our business plans, with a Motiva employee mentor for two years. The immersive setting and its support of science, technology,
sustainability plans, and general operations. program focused on life after graduation by exploring engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education,
On this page and the next page, we share career options, career readiness, and goals. In March engaging young visitors and inspiring them to pursue
the type of stakeholders we engage with, Governments, Investors, financial 2024, Motiva hosted two career fairs at One Allen Center STEM careers. Visitor numbers since the opening of the
our key discussion topics, and some regulators, and institutions, rating and the Port Arthur Manufacturing Complex to give exhibition totaled over 87,000 at the end of 2024.
examples of outcomes. industry associations agencies, and insurers students first-hand insight into the many career
opportunities available in the energy industry. Link to strategic enabler:
People
Our people Our customers O ur suppliers, I nvestors, financial
partners, and institutions, rating
Communication channels and Communication channels and
contractors agencies, and
examples of engagement examples of engagement
insurers
• Town halls • Customer feedback forms Communication channels and
• Employee experience surveys • Face-to-face meetings examples of engagement Governments, L ocal charities Our local communities
Communication channels and
• Employee networks • Regular engagement between
• Business performance reviews examples of engagement regulators and and non-profit
• Young Leaders Advisory Board sales teams and our business Communication channels and Discussion topics
(YLAB) customers • On-boarding program • Quarterly earnings calls industry associations organizations examples of engagement
• Social impacts of operations
• Visit to suppliers’ facilities
• Training • Customer service centers • External disclosures
• Workshops Communication channels and Communication channels and • Volunteer events and expansion plans
• Intranet • Trade shows and conferences • Direct investor communication
• Training programs examples of engagement examples of engagement • Student mentoring • Pipeline awareness
• Human resources • Emails/newsletters • Annual General Meeting
• Community events • Workforce development
• Recognition events • Annual insurance renewals • Saudi ministries and regulators • Volunteer events
• Citizen Advisory Panel • Local content
• Senior leadership meetings Discussion topics Discussion topics • Revolving credit facility • Ipieca • Student mentoring meetings • Community development and
• Safety meetings • Engagement on supply chain meetings • US Environmental Protection • Community events
• Sustainability • City Council meetings outreach
• Quarterly engagement talks on disruption and mitigation plans • Conferences and non-deal Agency (EPA) • Citizen Advisory Panel
• HSE performance • School board meetings • Economic and social investments
current events • HSE requirements roadshows • API meetings
• Quality control • Economic development • Charitable giving
• Management letters and emails • Agreeing sustainability • Focused investor groups • International Emissions • Employee service on
associations • Emergency response and
initiatives with suppliers to Trading Association (IETA) community boards
• Local industry group meetings preparedness
Discussion topics improve their capabilities Discussion topics • American Fuel and • Quarterly community • Environmental stewardship
• Performance on quality, Petrochemical Manufacturers Discussion topics
• Our vision and mission • Climate change and the newsletters (e.g., establishment of
delivery, and price • American Society for Testing
• Corporate ethics and values energy transition • Corporate donations • Plant tours mangrove eco-parks, beach
• Supplier Code of Conduct and Materials
• Professional development • Financial and operational • Matching contributions • Direct mailings rehabilitation campaigns etc.)
• iktva • World Economic Forum
• Our strategy performance and outlook • Community needs • Conferences • Health and wellness programs
• Conformance to Aramco • OSHA
• Sustainability • Environmental performance • Mentoring programs and
sustainability policies • International Sustainability
• Remuneration • Human capital management scholarships
Standards Board (ISSB)
• Health, safety, and environment • Sustainability-related • Small business support
• Saudi Organization for
(HSE) performance ambitions, targets, and
Chartered and Professional
• Industry trends, current events performance
Accountants (SOCPA)
• Community support • Risk management
• OGCI Sustainability in action
• OGDC
• Saudi Exchange, Capital Market
Supporting our customers and other industries
Authority, London Stock
Sustainability in action Exchange In October 2024, we participated in a Joint Industry Project (JIP) with 11 global companies
(including Shell and TotalEnergies) to develop industry guidelines1 that support end-users
Discussion topics
Collaborating with peers to embrace the challenges and opportunities of climate change in capturing and sequestering CO in the value chain. The guidelines cover the full carbon
• Standards setting 2
• Compliance with regulatory capture and storage (CCS) chain, considering the capture of CO from various industrial
Aramco is a co-founder of the OGCI, a CEO-led initiative consisting of 12 of the world’s major energy companies, 2
standards sources and transportation via different options through to permanent sequestration in
responsible for producing about one-third of global oil and gas. As an OGCI member, Aramco Ventures contribute
• Workplace safety and incidents
geological storage. The JIP is collaborating with research and industry experts to provide
to the $1 billion Climate Investment Fund, the investment arm of the OGCI. Its mission is to achieve reductions in • Project specific discussions
a holistic understanding of the impact of impurities across the entire chain.
GHG emissions by investing in and promoting the market adoption of innovations from our portfolio companies • Supply disruptions
• The energy transition
through a network of investors and global partnerships.
• Permits
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
• Knowledge sharing on best
practices
Link to strategic theme:
• Collaboration on industry Lower-carbon initiatives Technology
standards
Lower-carbon initiatives
1. Industry Guidelines for Setting the CO Specification in CCUS Chains | Wood.
2
18 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 19

--- Page 12 ---
Climate Safe
change and operations
the energy and people
transition development
How we
work
G e
overnanc
Growing Minimizing
societal environmental
value impact
Climate change
and the energy
transition
Differentiate ....................................................................................... 27
Sustain ................................................................................................ 44
Diversify .............................................................................................. 48
Enable ................................................................................................. 52
Cogeneration units, Wasit gas plant, Saudi Arabia. Cogeneration
plants, an important component of the energy efficiency lever
toward achieving Aramco’s ambition, generate electricity at many
of Aramco’s operating sites.
20 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 21

--- Page 13 ---
Climate change and the energy transition
Performance of our key metrics
Climate change and the energy transition
Our view
Material issue Relevant metrics 2024 2023 Status
We believe that an inclusive energy transition requires a careful
Climate change Scope 1 emissions (million 56.1 54.4 Scope 1 emissions increased by 3.1% compared to 2023,
balance between energy security, affordability, and environmental metric tons of CO e) mainly due to the increase in gas production and operations.
2
sustainability to support societal growth and prosperity.
Scope 2 market-based 12.4 13.0 Scope 2 emissions decreased by 4.6% compared to 2023,
emissions (million metric primarily due to a reduction in the emission factor of
tons of CO e) imported power and steam.
2
Upstream carbon intensity – 9.7 9.6 Upstream carbon intensity increased by 1.0% due to higher
market-based (kg CO e/boe) gas production, processing and storage to meet the
Our ambition 2
Kingdom’s growing domestic demand, and lower overall
marketed production.
We have an ambition to reach net-zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Upstream methane 24,548 27,708 Upstream methane emissions reduced by 11.4%, primarily
emissions by 2050 across all our wholly-owned operated assets. emissions (metric tons due to the increased implementation of flare gas recovery
of CH ) systems to reduce venting and flaring, and increased leak
4
To support this ambition, we have set a new interim target for 2030 to
detection and repair initiatives to reduce fugitive emissions.
reduce our upstream carbon intensity to 8.6 kg CO e/boe or lower, and
2
Upstream methane intensity 0.04 0.05 Upstream methane intensity decreased by 0.01 p.p., primarily
to achieve a 15% reduction by 2035 compared to our 2018 baseline.
(%) due to the reduction in upstream methane emissions.
We also have an ambition to mitigate 52 MMtCO e annually by 2035
2
from our business-as-usual forecast emissions.
Flaring intensity1 (scf/boe) 6.07 5.64 Flaring intensity increased by 7.6% compared to 2023 mainly
due to increased gas operations and lower oil production.
Flared gas1 (MMscf) 28,846 27,506 Flared gas increased by 4.9% compared to 2023 mainly due
to gas operations expansion during the year.
Our approach Energy intensity1 (thousands 162.9 153.8 Energy intensity increased by 5.9% compared to 2023, primarily
Btu/boe) due to higher energy consumption, driven by downstream
operations, and the expansion of our gas operations and
compression activities, which are more energy-intensive.
We established our climate change and energy transition framework,
underpinned by four pillars, to achieve our net-zero Scope 1 and
Energy consumption 88,091 85,649 Energy consumption increased by 2.9% compared to 2023
Scope 2 ambition across our wholly-owned operated assets:
(MMBtu/hr) mainly due to increased energy demand for gas compression,
and downstream operations.
• Build on our competitive advantage as a leader in lower upstream
carbon intensity operations by reducing our emissions and Full metrics table on pages 122-123
improving our energy efficiency;
• Develop lower-carbon solutions, including mobility transition Our contribution to the UN SDGs
technologies and fuels, to achieve our GHG emissions mitigation
To promote lower-carbon initiatives, Aramco is investing Aramco has set the ambition to plant 300 million mangroves
ambition;
in renewable energies, expanding CO storage capacity by 2035 in Saudi Arabia. This initiative is part of the Company’s
2
• Support the materials transition and nonmetallic deployment by (e.g., carbon sequestration) as well as expanding gas broader environmental efforts to restore natural ecosystems,
diversifying our products into lower-emissions value chains; and production to displace the burning of liquids for power enhance wildlife habitats, and contribute to carbon dioxide
generation in the Kingdom. capture and storage.
• Enable the above pillars through technology investment, R&D
centers, and Aramco Ventures’ $1.5 billion Sustainability Fund. Aramco Ventures has been recognized as a top corporate Aramco is collaborating with research centers and industries,
climate venture capital investor and the number two investor aiming to find solutions for climate challenges, and partnering
To achieve our net-zero ambition across our wholly-owned operated
globally on the Climate 50 list2. Aramco is expanding its with organizations with a climate focus, such as the OGDC,
assets and our interim targets, we have developed a GHG reduction investments beyond traditional oil and gas sectors to stimulate OGCI, Ipieca, and WEF, as part of a wide range of government
roadmap articulated around five key levers: improving our energy economic growth and create employment opportunities. and private sector collaborations across numerous industries.
efficiency across our Upstream and Downstream facilities, reducing Aramco is venturing into lithium production, essential for EV
batteries, through a partnership with Ma’aden. This initiative
methane emissions and flaring, advancing carbon capture, expanding
aims for commercial production by 2027, aligning with global
renewable energy production capacity, and implementing nature-
energy transition trends and fostering job creation in new
based solutions as well as purchasing carbon offset credits.
industries.
To support global climate change efforts, we have a circular economy
As a major producer of crude with lower upstream production
program to guide our operations in efficiently managing resources and
carbon and methane intensities than crude produced by many
reducing GHG emissions on a lifecycle basis. of our industry peers, Aramco continues to work on its
ambition of mitigating and reducing GHG emissions across its
wholly-owned operated assets through a range of initiatives,
which include investments in innovative technologies. These
efforts also contribute to our alignment with the Kingdom’s
sustainability ambitions.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
1. This metric is not applicable to our office-based entities: ATC, ASC, AOC, and SAAC.
2. For more information please visit: www.climate50.com.
22 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 23

--- Page 14 ---
Climate change and the energy transition continued
Aramco’s climate
change approach
At Aramco, we believe that reliable and affordable energy The Company is striving to achieve further reductions
supplies, including oil and gas, will be required to meet the in GHG emissions from its oil and gas operations, and
world’s growing energy demand, and that lower-carbon invests in technologies and solutions supporting the global
energy supplies will complement conventional sources. energy and materials transition needed for a lower-carbon
emissions future.
Climate change and energy
transition framework
Our climate change and energy transition framework is aligned with our corporate strategic themes, reflecting our
commitment to maintaining upstream preeminence, enhancing downstream integration, and supporting lower-carbon
initiatives, thereby reinforcing our dedication to reliable and responsible energy production.
With decades of experience in providing affordable and reliable energy, we strive to maintain our industry leadership. In our
climate change and energy transition framework below, we outline our approach to progress towards our net-zero ambition
across our wholly-owned operated assets and lower our value chain emissions. Our first energy transition pillar, “Differentiate”, builds on Aramco intends to continue to grow its liquids-to-chemicals
our competitive advantage as a leader with lower upstream business, with a goal to increase its capacity in petrochemical
carbon intensity relative to other oil and gas producers, producing complexes to up to four million barrels per day.
underlining our commitment to maintaining upstream By the end of 2024, Aramco achieved approximately 45%
Differentiate Sustain Diversify
preeminence. It strengthens our position while expanding of its objective, with further capacity additions under
1. A leader in lower upstream 2. Providing customers with 3. Diversifying our products and
operations to meet future oil, gas, and petrochemical development. Our involvement in advanced materials, such
carbon intensity operations lower-emissions solutions lower-emissions value chain
demand. The Differentiate pillar focuses on implementing as nonmetallics and minerals, as well as liquids-to-chemicals,
• GHG emissions management • Transport technologies • Advanced materials innovative solutions to reduce emissions, optimize energy reflects our investments in lower-carbon products.
• Upstream carbon intensity and fuels • Liquids-to-chemicals use across our facilities, and is further supported by our
Our fourth pillar, “Enable”, is the focus of our R&D centers
• Energy efficiency • Natural gas five key levers to meet our interim aspirations and net-zero
and Aramco’s Sustainability Fund. Aramco believes that
• Methane emissions • Hydrogen and ammonia ambition across our wholly-owned operated assets. This
technologies are an essential enabler for the future of both
and flaring reduction • Renewables2 includes the use of renewable energy certificates (RECs)
the Company and the energy industry. Technology optimizes
• Renewables1 from our renewable electricity developments to offset
operations, enhances sustainability, and strengthens our
our emissions.
competitive advantage.
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic theme: The second energy transition framework pillar, “Sustain”,
Strategic technologies are being developed to mitigate or
is supported by Aramco’s New Energies organization,
U pstream Lower-carbon D ownstream reduce GHG emissions and support investments in lower-
which was established in 2023. Through this strategic
p reeminence initiatives integration carbon products, including renewables and energy storage,
investment, we are advancing our ability to provide
hydrogen production technologies including advanced
lower-carbon solutions.
hydrogen extraction technologies, nonmetallic applications
With the third pillar of our energy transition framework, development, thermal crude-to-chemicals (TC2C)
“Diversify”, Aramco is investing in diversifying its deployment at our subsidiary S-Oil, and stationary carbon
downstream products portfolio and developing lower- capture and direct air capture (DAC) technologies.
emissions value chains emphasizing our commitment to
Aramco’s ambition to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and Scope 2
Enable enhancing downstream integration. The growing demand
greenhouse gas emissions across our wholly-owned
for petrochemicals is widely recognized as one of the key
4. Investing in lower-carbon emissions technologies and solutions operated assets by 2050 is supported by a clear emissions
drivers of global oil demand growth, as these products
reduction roadmap built around five key levers. Our five key
• Leveraging • Carbon capture • Natural climate solutions • Aramco Ventures are essential for industries ranging from plastics and
levers are continuously monitored and reviewed to track
technology and storage and carbon markets pharmaceuticals to consumer goods and advanced materials.
• Renewables
progress and ensure they remain appropriate and relevant,
Aramco’s long-term objective is to grow its integrated in response to technological and digital innovations,
refining and petrochemicals capacity, and expand its evolving regulatory standards, and to optimize cost and
Link to strategic enabler: Technology
product portfolio across the entire hydrocarbon value chain. capitalize on synergies.
1. Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) from the renewables will help offset our upstream emissions, to help differentiate us as a leader in lower upstream carbon intensity.
2. Aramco invests in solar and wind energy in support of the Kingdom’s National Renewable Energy Program.
24 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 25

--- Page 15 ---
Climate change and the energy transition continued
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Key risks and mitigations A leader in lower upstream carbon intensity
At Aramco, climate change concerns and impacts inform our The Board of Directors and its Sustainability, Risk and HSE
business strategy. Climate change risk is monitored through Committee perform the risk oversight role and monitor
Maximizing recovery with advanced drilling AI flowmeter for real-time water monitoring
Aramco’s enterprise risk management (ERM) framework. the Company’s overall risk management, including climate
It provides a structured and comprehensive approach to risk and its mitigations. More information on our risk technologies Continuing to innovate, Aramco, in collaboration with
identify, prioritize, and manage our corporate risks, and management framework and the risks we manage and Aramco’s advanced drilling technology uses King Abdullah University of Science and Technology
is assessed on a medium- to long-term horizon. consider can be found in the Risk chapter of our Annual geo-steered multilateral wells and smart completions (KAUST) has developed a microwave resonance flow
Report 2024. to maximize recovery, reduce water production, and meter using a digital-twin AI model to accurately
measure and monitor water content in real-time
optimize reservoir sweep capitalizing on existing
during oil and gas extraction, enhancing reservoir
assets. This technology reduces costs by optimizing
management capabilities. This technology reduces
recovery, and asset utilization.
Risk1 Mitigation
energy consumption, water consumption, and lowers
Policy: Policies restricting or banning use • Informing our business decision-making by accounting for operational costs.
of fossil fuels, or applying a cost on carbon climate-related demand scenarios and implementing GHG mitigation
initiatives, building upon our competitive advantage of having one of
the lowest upstream carbon intensities among our peers
Technology: Adoption of disruptive • Accelerated development of our technology portfolios, including
technologies and/or slow development synthetic fuels, lower-carbon hydrogen production, liquids-to-chemicals,
of GHG mitigation technologies and CCUS technologies
Market: Loss of demand for hydrocarbons • Diversification into lower carbon products with longer lifecycles,
as customers move to achieve their e.g., chemicals and materials supporting the energy transition
GHG targets
Modified gas treatment plant shutdown Managing our water production during oil extraction
Legal: Potential exposure to climate-related • Accurate and transparent reporting and disclosures with independent
litigation assurance procedure with flaring minimization patent Aramco’s Nanosilica fluid blocks porous reservoir rocks,
reducing unwanted water production in depleted
The Wasit gas plant has developed a patent-pending
Reputation: Impact on corporate reputation • Stakeholder engagement, including independent external consultants
reservoirs. This cost-effective, sustainable solution
batch process to reduce flaring by halting the sour gas
and subject matter experts to advise on reporting and disclosures, and
minimizes corrosion and energy use for fluid separation,
feed during shutdowns, while sweet and acid gas
explain the Company’s energy transition pathway
treatment, and disposal, improving efficiency in oil
processing continues until pressure equalizes with the
production, even in high-salinity environments.
downstream header. This technology reduces the need
for flaring by managing gas pressures more efficiently.
Slim electric submersible pumps Aramco geomechanics expert reservoir
We deploy multilateral observation wells and slim management software
electric submersible pumps in our field operations
Aramco’s in-house geomechanics software predicts
to reduce environmental impact. Additionally, our
optimal mud weights, cutting non-productive time
fully instrumented fields equipped with real-time
by 45%. In 2024, new modules – breakdown pressure,
data capabilities enable remote monitoring and
AI caliper, and liner deformation – further enhanced
optimization across our facilities, resulting in reduced
fracking operations in gas developments. This
carbon emissions and enhanced protection of marine
technology reduces costs in gas developments.
ecosystems. This technology improves performance,
and reduces energy consumption.
1. For more details, view the Managing Risk Exposure section of the Aramco Annual Report 2024.
26 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 27

--- Page 16 ---
Achieving our net-zero ambition
Our roadmap towards net-zero
2030 2035 2050
8.6 7.7 Net-zero
Reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 Reduce our upstream Achieve our net-zero Scope 1
upstream carbon intensity carbon intensity (Scope 1 and and Scope 2 GHG emissions
(market-based) to 8.6 kg CO e/boe Scope 2) to 7.7 kg CO e/boe ambition across our wholly-
2 2
or below or below using market-based owned operated assets
methodology, and achieve
a 15% reduction in upstream
carbon intensity from our
2018 baseline by 2035
Our levers to lower our emissions
To achieve our net-zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions ambition,
and our interim targets, we have identified five key levers.
We plan to mitigate 52 MMtCO e annually from our business-as-usual forecast emissions by 2035
2
Energy Flaring and Carbon capture Renewables Natural climate
efficiency methane and storage solutions and
offsets
7 1 14
14
16
Five key levers
2021 2035
9.7 ,1
9.1
8.6
2018 2024 2030 target
baseline
maertspu
2
epocS
dna
1 epocS
)desab-tekram(
ytisnetni
nobrac
)eob/e
OC
gk(
2
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
GHG emissions Upstream carbon intensity
Aramco focuses on what it can directly control – operational A key metric is the carbon intensity of our upstream
emissions (i.e. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions across our operations, which stands among the lowest when compared
wholly-owned operated assets). Additionally, the Company is to major crude oil producers. This lower-carbon intensity
investing heavily in technologies, fuels, and partnerships that is achieved through the use of advanced technologies and
enable emissions reductions across the energy value chain. innovative practices.
In 2024, our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) Our upstream carbon intensity rose by 1.0% due to higher
GHG emissions across our wholly-owned operated assets gas production as Aramco aims to increase sales gas
increased by 1.8%, equivalent to 1.2 MMtCO e, compared production capacity by more than 60% by 2030 compared
2
to the previous year. Scope 1 emissions increased by 3.1% to 2021 production levels (subject to domestic demand and
compared to 2023, mainly due to an increase in gas inclusive of pre-FID (Final Investment Decision) projects not
production and operations. Scope 2 emissions (market- yet announced) to meet the Kingdom’s growing domestic
based) decreased by 4.6% compared to the previous year, demand. Producing gas is more energy and carbon-
primarily due to the decrease in grid emission factors for intensive; however, it serves as a lower-emission fuel
power and steam generation. alternative for the power sector when replacing liquid fuels.
Gas storage, which began in 2023 and continues in 2024,
In 2024, we completed bottom-up assessments of our assets
affects our upstream carbon intensity. The gas that is
to better identify and prioritize opportunities to meet our
produced and stored is excluded from the marketed
2050 and interim climate targets. These assessments are
hydrocarbon volume, increasing our upstream carbon intensity.
supported by ongoing efforts, including energy optimization
7.7 and energy efficiency.
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (market-based) Upstream carbon intensity (market-based)
(million metric tons of CO e) (kg CO e/boe)
2 2
2035 target 2024 68.5 2024 9.7
2023 67.3 2023 9.6
2022 66.0 2022 9.3
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
1. Our upstream carbon intensity (market-based) has risen during the year and is expected to rise over the next few years as we support the Kingdom lowering its GHG
emissions by providing more gas for energy production. However, as our levers continue to advance (e.g., Jubail CCS hub starts sequestering Aramco’s emissions from 2028 This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
onwards), our upstream carbon intensity performance is expected to improve to enable us to meet our interim targets and longer-term net-zero ambition. of our website.
28 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 29

--- Page 17 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Levers to meet our interim
2024 progress towards
Carbon capture
our planned initiatives
and storage • Signed shareholders’ agreement with
targets and net-zero ambition
Linde and SLB for the development
Developing a competitive,
of phase one of Jubail CCS hub – with
market leading CCS
a capacity to capture and store nine
business.
million metric tons of CO per year with
2
six million metric tons allocated for
To mitigate 52 MMtCO e from our business-as-usual forecast emissions by 2035, we are focusing on five key GHG emissions
2 Aramco and three million metric tons
levers: energy efficiency across Upstream and Downstream assets; further reductions in methane emissions mitigation by 2035
for non-Aramco facilities, by 2028.
and flaring; increased renewable energy production capacity; carbon capture and storage; and natural
• The site preparation and early works
climate solutions and offsets. 14 MMtCO e
2 have been completed and major
Our GHG emissions reduction roadmap is articulated around our five key levers. The levers are continuously engineering, procurement, and
monitored and reviewed to track progress and update the mix of abatement opportunities. This ensures they construction contracts have been
remain appropriate and relevant in response to technological advancements, evolving regulatory standards, F or more details, awarded.
and to optimize cost and capitalize on synergies. see page 39
2024 progress towards 2024 progress towards
Energy efficiency Renewables
our planned initiatives our planned initiatives
Improving the energy Capitalizing on
efficiency of our Upstream advantaged solar
1,243 4.2
MMBtu/hr GW
and Downstream assets. and wind resources ac
Permanent energy savings – that equals in-Kingdom. Of installed operational renewable
0.57 MMtCO e avoided power
GHG emissions 2
mitigation by 2035 GHG emissions • Reached full capacity production
mitigation by 2035
101 of 1,500 MW at Sudair solar plant,
ac
7
MMtCO e 600 MW at Al Shuaibah 1 project,
Implemented energy efficiency initiatives ac
2 14
MMtCO e and 2,060 MW at Al Shuaibah 21
ac
2
project.
• Achieved financial close for Haden,
Muwayh, and Al-Khushaybi solar
projects with a combined capacity
of 5.5 GW .
ac
For more details, F or more details,
see pages 32-33 see page 40
2024 progress towards 2024 progress towards
Flaring and Natural climate
our planned initiatives our planned initiatives
methane solutions and
7,319 513,103
Reducing our upstream MMscf
offsets
flaring and methane Total avoided flaring through Carbon credits retired against
Planting mangroves, and
intensities even further. flare gas recovery systems corporate emissions, and 1.1 million
finding ways to offset
carbon credits purchased
hard-to-abate emissions.
GHG emissions
0.04
%
mitigation by 2035
12.5
Upstream methane intensity GHG emissions million
mitigation by 2035
1 Mangroves planted
MMtCO e
2
16
MMtCO e
2
For more details, F or more details,
see pages 34 and 36 see page 41
1. The Al Shuaibah 2 project has been granted the Commercial Operation Certificate in February 2025.
30 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 31

--- Page 18 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Energy efficiency actions in 2024
Energy efficiency
Sustainability in action
Process control and operational improvement
• Advanced process control: We use digital twins and Advanced digital solution to improve
AI for smart daily operational monitoring of electrical
Aramco’s energy intensity in 2024 was 162.91 thousand Btu/
CHP performance
submersible pumps to improve overall artificial lift energy
boe, representing an increase of 5.9% compared to 2023
efficiency. Implemented across 330 electrical submersible
In 2024: (153.81 thousand Btu/boe), attributable to increased gas Aramco has developed and deployed a digital solution
pump wells, the initiative achieved a total of 70.8 GWh
operations that are more energy-intensive. In 2024, our total that supports its operating assets in optimizing
in power savings, equivalent to an 18% improvement,
oil production decreased, however, our gas production and combined heat and power (CHP) systems.
1,243 resulting in 48.5 MtCO e emission reduction.
MMBtu/hr operations increased. Aramco plans to continue to increase 2
The solution identifies the optimized combination of
• Boiler operation optimization: The Abqaiq plant, one
Permanent energy savings – its gas production to meet the Kingdom’s growing domestic
running boilers and cogeneration units to determine
of the world’s largest crude oil stabilization facilities,
that equal 0.57 MMtCO e demand. Aramco aims to increase sales gas production
the optimum loading of these units, reducing fuel
2
improved its steam generation efficiency and decreased
avoided capacity by more than 60% by 2030 (subject to domestic
consumption and excess steam.
the number of boilers in operation. This led to lower fuel
demand and inclusive of pre-FID projects not yet
announced) compared to 2021 production levels, subject gas consumption and fewer boiler start/stop cycles, In 2024, facilities improved their energy performance,
to domestic demand. The growth in domestic gas demand resulting in a reduction of 202 MMBtu/hour. resulting in energy savings of 548 MMBtu/hr across
is primarily driven by power generation, water desalination, • Converting excess steam to power: At the Shedgum gas 14 steam and power facilities.
petrochemical production, and other industrial consumption plant, a steam turbine generator was commissioned
in the Kingdom. to convert previously wasted excess steam, which was Link to strategic enabler:
vented or condensed, into useful electrical power. In 2024,
During 2024, we implemented 101 energy-saving initiatives,
this steam conversion by the turbine generated 68 GWh, Technology
resulting in energy savings of 1,243 MMBtu/hr, and the
reducing power generation needs from combustion.
avoidance of 0.57 MMtCO e. Since its inception in 2000, our
2
• Optimizing gas turbine operations: Aramco’s Jeddah
Energy Management Program has achieved 32 MMtCO e
2
terminal on the Red Sea stopped running one of its
of cumulative emission reductions.
two combustion gas turbine generators (CGTG) by
Energy efficiency is essential to maintain our cost- competitive introducing an emergency backup supply with Luberef,
2024 2023 2022
position and support the reduction of emissions in our which reduced an equivalent of 75.2 MMBtu/hr in diesel
operations. We focus on energy efficiency from procurement Energy intensity 162.9 153.8 146.2 fuel consumption.
and design to operations, including the electrification of
(thousand Btu/boe)1 • Automation improving cooling: The Shaybah natural gas
oil and gas operations, and leveraging automation, digital
plant automated its fin-fan system by using outlet
technologies, and innovation. Aramco continues to allocate Energy consumption 88,091 85,649 Metric not
temperature to control operations, saving 90 MMBtu/hr.
resources to improve its energy performance and efficiency (MMBtu/hr) disclosed
• Utilizing tail gas as fuel: At the Jazan Refinery, tail gas was
across its facilities. previously
redirected from venting to the fuel gas supply, reducing
The Energy Management Steering Committee provides the need for fuel imports. This initiative decreased energy
guidance and oversight, and is supported by a robust consumption by 318 MMBtu/hr and reduced tail gas
energy management and performance improvement policy. flaring.
Sustainability in action
• ISO 50001 certifications: In 2024, we increased the
During 2024, energy efficiency considerations remained
number of ISO 50001 certified organizations for energy
prominent in Aramco’s procurement and design, as well
Advanced process control in our
management systems to 43, up from 40 organizations
as the Company’s operations. Aramco’s 2024 energy
in 2023.
consumption was 88,091 MMBtu/hr, representing a slight
Abqaiq plant
increase of 2.9% compared to 2023 (85,649 MMBtu/hr). • Using electricity to produce blue hydrogen: The Shaybah
Increments to our gas and downstream operations The Control Systems team at Abqaiq plant has Electrified Steam Methane Reformer demonstration
contributed to the increase in energy consumption which developed an innovative soft sensor hybrid model that project seeks to lower CO emissions from gas turbine
2
were needed to meet increasing gas demands. combines a neural network statistical model with the power generation by using electricity to heat natural gas
process model to predict the real-time measurement
and steam, producing hydrogen and CO . The hydrogen
2
of ethane content (C2). This hybrid model offers
is blended with the gas turbine feed, while the captured
accurate and reliable real-time measurements of
CO is injected underground. The project’s front-end
2
C2 without the need for maintenance. The real-time
engineering design is complete, and detailed design is in
43 0.57 values from the C2 prediction models are integrated
progress for a hydrogen production capacity of six metric
MMtCO e
2 into advanced process control (APC) models to achieve tons per day (tpd).
Aramco organizations have Avoided emissions in 2024
real-time optimization (RTO), reduce process
received the ISO 50001 from energy efficiency The cumulative implementation of energy efficiency
variability, and operate processes closer to setpoints
certification for their energy implemented initiatives measures has moderated the increase in our energy
and constraints. This energy optimization initiative has
management systems intensity, preventing an additional 1.4% rise in energy
contributed to Abqaiq plant’s energy savings, resulting
consumption. Without these measures, our energy
in a 1% reduction in energy intensity and a 0.5%
consumption would have increased by 4.3% instead
reduction in CO emissions for the facility.
2
of the actual 2.9%.
101
Link to strategic enabler:
Energy efficiency initiatives
Technology
implemented in 2024
1. This metric is not applicable to our office-based entities: ATC, ASC, AOC, and SAAC.
32 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 33

--- Page 19 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Flaring
In 2024, Aramco’s flaring intensity was 6.07 scf/boe, Flaring reduction initiatives in 2024
which represents a 7.6% increase compared to 2023. The
• Continued installation of flared gas recovery systems
In 2024: increase is mainly due to increased gas operations and lower
(FGRS), a total of 13 FGRS have been installed up to this
oil production.
date. The total recovered gas from our Upstream facilities
Signatory to the
7,319 World Bank’s “Zero is 7,319 MMscf in 2024.
MMscf
Routine Flaring by • The Khursaniyah gas plant developed an innovative
Total avoided flaring through 2030” initiative Flaring intensity1 operational strategy to optimize plant feed during
flare gas recovery systems
(scf/boe)
scheduled outages, preventing flaring and emissions.
Volume of hydrocarbon gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent This approach avoided 76 MMscf of flaring by mitigating
produced potential plant feed bottlenecks during natural gas liquids
train outages.
2024 6.07
• The Berri gas plant reduced planned flaring by 65% in
2023 5.64 2024, cutting 16 MMscf, through innovative procedures
like gas recovery and refrigerant management, leading
2022 4.60
to a 3.6 MtCO e reduction.
2
• The Haradh gas plant maintained its flaring below 7%,
which resulted in saving 68 MMscf of fuel gas. This was
Flared gas1
achieved by optimizing its flare gas recovery system and
(MMscf)
reducing leaks.
Volume of hydrocarbon gas flared
• The Wasit gas plant achieved zero flaring during five gas
Flaring can be classified into three categories: planned Aramco’s flare minimization program has asset-level short-,
treatment unit shutdowns by implementing an innovative
flaring, routine flaring, and nonroutine flaring, each with medium-, and long-term mitigation measures which have 2024 28,846
measure and maximizing flare gas recovery, thereby
distinct purposes. Planned flaring is scheduled in advance the potential to further reduce gas flaring. These include:
2023 27,506 avoiding approximately 10 MMscf of flaring per train’s
for shutdowns/startups and turnarounds, and system
• Flare gas recovery systems;
shutdown and a total of 50 MMscf.
testing, to safely dispose of hydrocarbons. Efforts are being
2022 23,818
undertaken to minimize planned emissions. Routine flaring • Flare purge optimization; • Aramco facilities achieved progress in reducing flaring
is the continuous or regular flaring due to operational • Annual control valves leakage survey/leak rectification; through the implementation of the pipeline flaring
design. Aramco aims to reduce routine flaring through minimization protocol and new sectional isolation
• Synchronization of maintenance and annual turnaround
improved flared gas recovery and capture. technologies. These initiatives enhanced operational
activities; and
efficiency and reduced environmental impact by
Nonroutine flaring, on the other hand, occurs due to • Optimization of cooling requirements in operating
improving control and isolation within pipelines.
unexpected operational issues. We aim to reduce this distillation facilities to avoid flaring.
flaring through improved operational reliability and
predictive maintenance.
Flaring is a necessary process to ensure the safety of oil Sustainability in action Sustainability in action
and gas processing facilities. The challenge is to develop
solutions that maintain safety and asset integrity while Digital innovation at North Ghawar Oil Using nitrogen to reduce flaring
reducing flaring.
Mixing hydrocarbons with nitrogen for purge gas
Producing Complex
Aramco is a signatory to the World Bank’s “Zero Routine reduces the need to flare combustible gases after
The North Ghawar Oil Producing Complex has
Flaring by 2030” initiative. Ahead of 2030, we continue purging.
leveraged advanced digital solutions, including AI
to achieve one of the lowest flaring levels compared to
and machine learning, to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 A “flare gas optimization by utilizing nitrogen” project
industry peers, despite our increase in gas operations.
emissions by over 8% per barrel and increase oil undertaken by Aramco’s North Ghawar Producing
Behind these low numbers is the Company’s decades
production by the same percentage. These sites, saw an annual reduction of continuous gas
of investments in operational, engineering, and
technologies have been used to predict and prevent flaring in 2024 by around 70% (115 MMscf) compared
digital solutions.
flaring events, optimize energy use, and reduce to the prior year.
processing resources and costs. These achievements
have earned the facility the Advanced 4IR Global
Lighthouse designation by the World Economic Forum,
marking Aramco’s fifth such recognition.
Link to strategic theme:
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler: Upstream
preeminence
Upstream
Technology
preeminence
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
1. This metric is not applicable to our office-based entities: ATC, ASC, AOC, and SAAC.
34 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 35

--- Page 20 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Methane
Aramco continues to advance its GHG emissions monitoring
Upstream methane intensity
and mitigation capabilities through innovative technological
(%)
In 2024: By 2030: solutions. In 2024, the Company initiated assessment studies
for two emerging technologies to evaluate their effectiveness
Achieve near-zero 2024 0.04
and potential for enterprise-wide implementation.
0.04 upstream methane
% 2023 0.05
intensity (OGCI aspiration)
Methane emissions from
2022 0.05
upstream operations per
volume of marketed
Infrared spectroscopy
natural gas
Upstream methane emissions
Hawiyah Unayzah NGL plant implemented continuous
(metric tons of CH )
4
methane monitoring utilizing Fourier Transform
2024 24,548 Infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy technology. This advanced
imaging system has demonstrated a superior
2023 27,708
capability in leak detection and localization across
2022 29,193 complex industrial infrastructure and processing units.
In 2024, Aramco strengthened its methane emissions management through the development of the Methane Detection Aramco achieved an upstream methane intensity of 0.04%
and Minimization Program (MDMP). This initiative aims to reduce Aramco’s upstream methane intensity in alignment with in 2024, despite the expansion of gas operations and
the OGCI near-zero methane emissions target. increased requirements for gas compression. Aramco
successfully reduced upstream methane emissions by 11.4%,
and achieved a 0.01 p.p. reduction in upstream methane
intensity. The following highlights Aramco’s progress in
The MDMP framework is built upon four main pillars
methane emissions minimization:
• Enhanced annual Leak Detection and Repair surveys with
quarterly Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) campaigns to enable
Detection Governance Digitalization Minimization
early leak detection and timely repairs, targeting fugitive
emissions reduction.
Laser absorption spectroscopy
• Expanded partnership with GHGSat to enhance satellite
monitoring coverage across upstream facilities, enabling At Riyadh Refinery, we deployed drone-mounted
more frequent observations and providing operators Tunable Diode Laser Absorption Spectroscopy
with real-time data for effective methane leak detection technology for comprehensive methane emissions
and prevention. management. This system demonstrated capabilities
• Enhanced methane reporting accuracy and transparency in mapping elevated methane concentration zones,
through revised methodologies, particularly for pipeline identifying specific emission sources, quantifying
operations emissions estimation. Implemented a emissions at facility and equipment cluster levels, and
Enhanced methane Advancing from Deployed digital Conducted detailed
corporate-level upstream methane intensity KPI, with evaluating flare combustion efficiency parameters.
emissions monitoring emission factors- platforms to optimize methane emissions
2024 upstream methane emissions and intensity data
accuracy through based reporting to operational access to source analysis,
independently verified by external parties.
deployment of direct measurement methane data and identifying key
advanced detection methodologies, enhance emissions reduction • Launched two digital platforms: The Methane Monitoring
technologies and supported by newly reporting transparency opportunities while Solution for equipment-level emissions tracking and
industry-leading established methane implementing reporting across facilities, and the Methane Satellite
practice performance KPIs systematic leak Solution, which integrates satellite data within the 4IRC
and standardized detection, repair framework to alert facilities of detected methane emissions.
quantification protocols, and
protocols corrective measures
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website. of our website.
36 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 37

--- Page 21 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Carbon capture and storage
Aramco is transitioning from industry-standard emission factors to direct measurement-based methane emissions reporting Assessment of carbon capture and storage potential
for upstream operations. Following a comprehensive 2024 emissions review, the Company has developed an implementation
In 2024, we continued conducting site screenings and
plan utilizing proven technologies, including flow meters, predictive emissions monitoring systems, and multispectral infrared
viability assessments for potential CO storage sinks.
2
cameras, to enhance measurement accuracy and reduce emissions uncertainty.
• Mineralization project in Jazan: In collaboration with
KAUST, CO is dissolved in water and injected into volcanic
2
minerals, converting it into stable carbonate rocks.
Sustainability in action
• CO Nanobubbles: Trials in 2024 showed increased CO
2 2
utilization and faster mineralization compared to
Methane guardian from above: an
traditional technologies.
Aramco corporate satellite methane • Mobile CO Mineralization Unit: Working with Caox1;
2
to create a unit with a 400-ton annual capacity.
monitoring campaign
• Collaboration with Hong Kong Polytechnic: Focused on
Satellite technology has emerged as a transformative economic leaching, producing higher-value byproducts,
tool in methane emissions management for the oil and transforming CO into oilfield chemicals.
2
and gas industry. The GHGSat constellation’s advanced • Cyclone carbon capture technology: Developing
sensors can detect methane emissions as low as a demonstration with Carbon Clean Solutions at the
100 kg/hour, enabling precise leak identification Hawiyah Unayzah NGL facility.
across remote infrastructure including pipelines, wells,
and processing facilities. This technology enhances
operational efficiency in emissions reduction and
environmental performance monitoring.
The Company is investing in CCS capabilities and is
In 2024, Aramco expanded its methane monitoring
developing, drilling, and evaluating sub-surface CO Sustainability in action
2
capabilities through an enhanced partnership with
storage assets across the Kingdom.
GHGSat, deploying satellite monitoring across
Commissioning of Direct Air
In 2024, Aramco partnered with Linde and SLB to jointly
30 major upstream facilities. The GHGSat constellation
develop Phase I of the Jubail CCS hub. This hub is expected
grew from eight to 12 satellites during the year, Capture pilot plant in Dhahran
to be able to capture and store nine million metric tons of
enabling monthly facility observations. Through
In 2024, Aramco commissioned a pilot DAC unit in
CO annually by 2028, with six million metric tons allocated
implementation of a rapid response protocol, all
2
Dhahran, marking the first of its kind in the region.
for Aramco and three million metric tons for other non-
detected methane releases in 2024 were successfully
This unit serves as a testing platform for next-
Aramco facilities. The site preparation and early works has
investigated and mitigated.
generation CO capture materials. It represents
been completed and major engineering, procurement, and
2
a crucial step in testing and validation before
construction contracts are being awarded. The CCS hub
transitioning to larger-scale DAC facilities in the future.
supports Aramco’s blue hydrogen and ammonia program
and aligns with the Kingdom’s aim to achieve net-zero
emissions by 2060. Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
Aramco plans to meet its CO capture ambitions through Lower-carbon
2 Technology
several initiatives: initiatives
• Collaboration and innovation: Partnering with KAUST
for novel CO geological sequestration using in-situ
2
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler: mineralization.
• Partnerships: Collaborating with Siemens Energy to
Upstream
Technology
preeminence develop a DAC unit in Dhahran.
• Aramco Ventures investments via Aramco’s Sustainability
Fund.
1. For more information: Caox, 2024.
38 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 39

--- Page 22 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Renewables Natural climate solutions and offsets
Voluntary carbon markets Beyond offsetting corporate emissions, Aramco used carbon
credits to offset emissions from crude oil shipments to
In 20241: deliver certified carbon neutral cargo. In 2023, we launched
In 2024:
a strategic initiative for a pilot project to deliver Arabian
Light crude oil with a product level carbon intensity and
4.2
513,103 1.1
GW an emissions management plan in line with PAS2060 using
ac million
Total operational a cradle-to-gate partial life-cycle assessment approach;
Carbon credits retired Carbon credits purchased
capacity of renewable the first of its kind in the Middle East. In 2024, Aramco
against corporate emissions
energy progressed to calculate the carbon intensity of five
additional Arabian Light crude oil shipments, verified by
a third-party. After demonstrating progress in asset-level
Aramco supports the use of nature-based climate solutions
emission reduction initiatives, Aramco retired 92,559 tCO e
and market mechanisms that promote sustainable
2
carbon credits, with 75% being from removal-based projects,
development. These market mechanisms are tools to
to offset the residual emissions from these shipments from
facilitate emissions removals, reductions, and offsets of
our Ras Tanura and Juaymah terminals with a total volume
its hard-to-abate GHG emissions.
of 10 million bbl. All credits were rated at least BB by
Aramco voluntary carbon market leadership
independent agencies, supporting their environmental
In 2024, Aramco procured 1.1 million tons of carbon credits integrity and alignment with globally accepted standards.
from Saudi Arabia’s Voluntary Carbon Market (VCM) auction
Natural climate solutions
on the exchange platform launched by VCM during COP29
Actions that protect, sustainably manage, and restore natural
in Baku.
and modified ecosystems are natural climate solutions.
The credits directed vital funding to climate projects
Aramco has set the ambition to plant 300 million mangroves
Aramco is actively developing a renewables portfolio to requiring finance, supporting the Kingdom’s ambition to
in Saudi Arabia. This initiative is part of the Company’s
reduce GHG emissions from its operations and enhance Sustainability in action establish one of the largest global voluntary carbon markets
broader environmental efforts to restore natural ecosystems,
long-term business value, aligning with its ambition to by 2030. The Aramco credits adhered to stringent quality
enhance wildlife habitats, and contribute to carbon dioxide
achieve net-zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions across Advancing renewable energy storage standards and the basket of credits supported 17 climate
capture and storage.
wholly-owned operated assets by 2050. In 2024, and as part projects in countries such as Bangladesh, Brazil, Ethiopia,
of this effort, financial closure has been achieved on three for hot climates Malaysia, Pakistan, and Vietnam. In 2024, we planted approximately 12.5 million mangroves
solar projects: Haden, Muwayh, and Al Khushaybi, with a in the Kingdom, bringing the Company’s cumulative total of
Energy storage systems complement the intermittent Aramco also acquired durable removal credits supporting
combined capacity of 5.5 GW ac . These projects are expected generation by renewable resources to help maintain carbon storage technology in construction materials and planted mangroves to more than 43 million. The third-party
to commence commercial operations by 2027. assessed total carbon stock of the planted and existing
continuous and reliable power output. Flow batteries biochar production.
mangroves is equal to approximately 466,697 metric tons
Sudair One Renewables Company, Aramco’s first renewables offer long-term energy storage that is both scalable
Carbon credits retirement
of CO e.
joint venture (JV) with its partners PIF and ACWA Power, is and reliable for continuous energy supply, and 2
already supplying its full capacity of 1.5 GW to the national Aramco has developed heat-tolerant flow batteries. In 2024, Aramco retired 513,103 carbon credits to offset
ac
corporate emissions. These credits included a mix of
grid, while the second JV, Al Shuaibah 1 Solar Photovoltaic
The enhanced iron and vanadium mixed acid flow
nature-based projects, like mangrove and forest restoration,
project, is delivering its full capacity of 600 MW . More
ac battery withstands temperatures over 55°C and can
and technology-based initiatives, such as landfill gas capture
recently, Al Shuaibah 2 has reached its full capacity production
be utilized in hot climates without the need for In 2024:
and reducing gas leakages.
of 2.06 GW . Aramco plans to utilize its allocation of RECs
ac cooling costs. The technology behind the Aramco
from these investments to offset its Scope 2 emissions
battery has been laboratory validated, piloted at
12.5
related to power supplied to its operations.
scale, and the unit is currently installed to demonstrate million
The Company is seeking further opportunities to advance its ability to meet the technical requirements in the Mangroves planted
its renewable energy initiatives. Aramco’s research centers field environment. in-Kingdom
are developing technologies for geothermal applications.
Efforts include an integrated subsurface-to-surface digital Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
resource evaluation platform, AI-based temperature
Lower-carbon
predictions, and a geomechanical assessment of potential Technology
initiatives
wellbore failures.
The Company is currently assessing geothermal potential
along Saudi Arabia’s west coast, and complementing this
work by developing geothermal modeling capabilities in
our in-house advanced reservoir simulator, GIGAPowers.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
1. This includes operational capacity of Al Shuaibah 2 project that has been granted the Commercial Operation Certificate in February 2025. of our website.
40 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 41

--- Page 23 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Spotlight
Aramco completes five verified carbon offset crude cargo shipments
Third-party verified offsetting projects
Building on the success of the 2023 pilot project to deliver A total of 92,559 tCO e carbon credits were offset to
2
the first verified carbon offset crude cargo, in 2024, we counter the pilot shipment’s residual emissions. Of these
Country Project name and description Project type Quantity (metric ton of CO e)
2
have progressed on this strategic capability to deliver offsets, 75% originated from carbon removal projects,
Arabian Light with five additional verified carbon offset while 25% came from carbon avoidance projects, all China Guoluo Grassland Restoration Nature
27,646
crude oil cargo shipments from our Ras Tanura and issued by Verra and Gold Standard. Independent rating Removal
In China, the Guoluo Grassland Sustainable Management
Juaymah terminals. agencies rated these projects BB or higher, showcasing
project spans six counties in the Guoluo Tibetan Autonomous
our efforts in financing valuable offset projects and
Using a cradle-to-gate life-cycle assessment, third-party Prefecture. It aims to restore 160,549 hectares of “black soil
reducing GHG emissions. Lloyds Register Quality
verified product-level carbon emissions, and implementing beach” grassland and promote local development through
Assurance (LRQA) conducted third-party verification,
GHG emissions reduction initiatives with the optional use sustainable grazing and management practices.
and the Qualifying Explanatory Statement is available
of offsets for residual emissions, demonstrates the
online. The carbon credits were sourced from the Saudi
Company’s capability to deliver lower-emission products.
Voluntary Carbon Market with projects spanning various
India Luohe Geothermal Based Space Heating System Technology
The average carbon intensity of the five shipments was scopes and types across regions ranging from North 12,660
Avoidance
7.48 kg CO e/boe of which the production and loading America to Asia. In India, the Luohe Geothermal Based Space Heating System
2
project introduces a geothermal energy-based heating system
stages were 2.95 kg CO e/boe for the Ras Tanura
2 The next entity in the value chain of this pilot, Motiva’s
for new residential buildings in Luohe city during the winter.
terminal, and 2.56 kg CO e/boe for the Juaymah
2 Port Arthur Manufacturing Complex, made progress
This system replaces the traditional heat supply from isolated
terminal, with the remaining emissions attributed to
in their measurement of the product-level emissions
coal-fired boilers, promoting a more sustainable approach.
shipping. The total volume of Arabian Light crude oil
of their base oils production by undergoing third-party
shipments is 10 million bbl (five cargos of two million
verification against ISO 14067. This pilot project reaffirms
bbl each).
Aramco’s efforts to deliver third-party verified lower- Panama CO OL Tropical Mix Nature
2
36,901
After implementing GHG emissions reduction initiatives carbon products. Removal
In Panama, the CO OL Tropical Mix project reforests former
in Arabian Light crude production facilities, Aramco 2
fallow and degraded pasture land with mostly native tree
retired carbon credits purchased from the VCM1 to offset
species, creating mixed forests. Some areas are used for the fair
residual emissions.
production of organic cocoa. The project combines sustainable
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler: timber and cocoa production with biodiversity protection and
the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the ecosystem restoration.
Sustainability section of our website. Lower-carbon
Technology
1. For more information: VCM, 2024. initiatives
USA CarbonCure carbon negative concrete Durable
4,872
Removal
In the United States, the CarbonCure project captures
and mineralizes waste CO into ready-mix concrete, embedding
2
CO directly within the material. This approach contributes
2
to climate-positive infrastructure and supports sustainable
development.
Vietnam Vietstar wastewater treatment Technology
10,480
Avoidance
In Vietnam, the Vietstar waste treatment facility aims to reduce
methane emissions from wastewater and organic matter.
By pre-sorting and classifying 432,000 tons of waste annually,
recycling plastic, and using advanced composting technologies
for residual organic matter, the project is expected to reduce
emissions by 1.8 MMtCO e over a 10-year period.
2
7.48 2.95 2.56 92,559
kg CO e/boe kg CO e/boe kg CO e/boe tCO e
2 2 2 2
Average carbon intensity Average carbon intensity Average carbon intensity Total carbon credits retired
of the five shipments for production and for production and loading for the Aramco Pilot project
loading stage for the stage for the Juaymah terminal This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised).
The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section of our website.
Ras Tanura terminal
42 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 43

--- Page 24 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Synthetic fuels Global trends indicate a gradual increase in SAF production,
Providing customers with with challenges such as limited feedstock options and
Compared to conventional fuels, synthetic fuels have the
high costs affecting scalability2. In 2024, SAF accounted for
potential to reduce CO emissions from existing ICE vehicles
2
0.53% of jet fuel usage, with most production still in pilot
by at least 70% on a lifecycle basis.
lower-emissions solutions phases, requiring significant investment and impacting
Synthetic fuels are an area of focus for Aramco. In 2024: manufacturing margins. SAF costs are currently 120%
to 700% higher than conventional jet fuel3, presenting
• Aramco started construction of two synthetic fuel
financial challenges in the competitive aviation industry.
demonstration plants in Bilbao (Spain) and NEOM (Saudi
There is also uncertainty regarding SAF offtake agreements
Arabia), with expected completion in 2027. These facilities
A vibrant, affordable, and reliable transport sector is In one such effort, Aramco, along with a European and policy support for future production.
will focus on producing synthetic diesel and gasoline,
essential for the growth of any economy, particularly in powertrain company, is working on developing a novel
de-risking and paving the way for larger investments. Aramco’s LCAF provides a cost-effective, sustainable
emerging economies facing increasing populations and optimized hybrid engine that is designed to run on lower-
• Aramco developed a novel technology for the direct solution to help the aviation industry, a hard-to-abate sector,
urbanization. The transportation sector accounts for carbon fuel to reduce emissions.
production of synthetic fuels, specifically focusing on reduce carbon emissions and advance toward its net-zero
approximately 30%1 of global energy demand and close
In another project, Aramco is co-developing the Turbulent sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). This new technology goals. LCAF is a drop-in fuel that reduces overall emissions
to a quarter of global energy-related CO emissions.
2 Jet Ignition (TJI) technology for the next generation of will enable the direct production of synthetic fuels from and requires no modifications to existing fueling
Consequently, the energy transition necessitates a mobility
hybrid powertrains. The optimized TJI prechamber, CO and green hydrogen, thereby improving the economic infrastructure. Our in-Kingdom refineries produce CORSIA-
transition, which focuses on reducing the energy and carbon 2
integrated into a light-duty hybrid engine, demonstrated efficiency of the process. compliant fuel, and we are working with independent
intensity across all modes of transport, including air, land,
it can achieve a 3% increase in efficiency. third-parties for audits and certifications to ensure our
and sea. • Aramco is studying the feasibility of integrating
products meet ISO standards for lower-carbon emissions.
CO -derived feedstock in existing operating assets to
In 2024, Aramco strengthened its collaboration with
2
Addressing the energy trilemma – ensuring affordability,
top car manufacturers to advance lower-emission vehicle produce synthetic fuels. This sets a new baseline for The demand for air travel is expected to double by 2040,
security, and sustainability – will require a multifaceted
technologies by finalizing the acquisition of a 10% equity scalable and efficient production of synthetic fuels, growing at an annual average rate of 3.4%4. While SAF
approach. This includes the development of next-generation
stake in HORSE Powertrain Limited. This partnership, leveraging Aramco’s global operations to contribute is a technically viable option, it remains costly and is
internal combustion engines (ICEs), hybrids, and lower-
alongside Renault S.A.S., Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co. towards the transition to lower-carbon fuels. produced in limited quantities compared to LCAF. LCAF
carbon fuels, as well as investment in future technologies
Ltd., and Geely Automobile Holdings Limited, aims to stands out as a viable solution because it can be produced
such as hydrogen-based mobility. Lower-carbon aviation fuels
support the global development of affordable, efficient, and implemented more readily. It is positioned to satisfy
Aramco recognizes that an energy transition plan has to
Our efforts in providing customers with lower-emission and lower-emission ICEs. this growing demand and simultaneously achieve reductions
consider the needs of all of society, especially developing
solutions begins with our lower upstream carbon intensity in carbon emissions within the aviation sector.
Hydrogen-based mobility and emerging economies. LCAF supports transition plans
crude. We leverage this advantage to produce lower-carbon
at an acceptable cost, facilitating energy security and For instance, converting five billion liters of LCAF at
fuels. Aramco is collaborating with global manufacturers to
affordability in the aviation industry that is integral to the 80 gCO /MJ could provide the equivalent GHG emissions
advance the development of hydrogen technologies and their 2
Fuels and transportation technologies
use in mobility. The Company recently kickstarted the testing
global economy, and to connecting societies and families1. reduction of about one billion liters of SAF at 45 gCO
2
/MJ5.
Aramco continues exploring the development of synthetic of a heavy-duty natural gas engine platform using natural
fuels that generate lower GHG emissions, while maintaining gas and hydrogen blends (including up to 100% hydrogen).
the same levels of performance. Our lower-carbon intensity
This effort brings together the technology of a global engine Sustainability in action
crude oils, along with our investments in GHG emissions
manufacturer and Aramco’s expertise in the transport and
reduction initiatives in our refineries, support the production
fuel technologies. Pursuing lower-carbon ISO certification
of lower-carbon fuels and feedstocks.
Leveraging an experimental natural gas and hydrogen Aramco is advancing its goal to become a certified
We are also continuing our efforts to improve the efficiency
blending facility at Aramco’s Detroit Research Center, producer of LCAF, having achieved ISO certification for
of the ICE, which can have a direct effect on the transportation
experiments are being designed to identify the combustion lower-carbon intensity at four in-Kingdom facilities. As
sector’s GHG emissions.
system tolerance, and technical requirements for natural gas the aviation industry increases SAF production, LCAF
Improving engine efficiency and hydrogen blends. serves as a complementary, fossil-based solution that
We recognize that achieving successful GHG emissions utilizes existing infrastructure to help the industry meet
In the light duty sector, Aramco is co-developing a hydrogen
mitigation of the automotive industry calls for a combination of its carbon neutrality goals.
combustion engine with a leading European powertrain
various technologies, and we are exploring ways to improve
company. Both entities will closely collaborate to enhance
the efficiency of the ICE, and hybrid electric technologies.
the efficiency and performance of a hydrogen ICE, through
Computational Fluid Dynamic (CFD) simulations aimed
To effectively reduce GHG emissions from transportation,
at optimizing the combustion system design, followed
it is relevant to invest in enhancing the efficiency of ICE
by testing in real-world conditions. Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
vehicles, considering they will still constitute a significant
portion of the global light-duty vehicle fleet in 20502. Aramco is collaborating with a luxury sports car manufacturer Lower-carbon
Technology
initiatives
to develop a high-performance hydrogen engine for
Through its global research centers, Aramco, in collaboration
sports cars. Over the next three years, the focus will be on
with leading powertrain companies, is developing
hydrogen combustion and testing to develop a hydrogen
innovative transportation technologies that can contribute
engine with top power density. Aramco will use its expertise
towards an energy transition in the transportation sector.
to help improve efficiency, reduce tank size, and achieve
lower emissions.
1. The Current, 2024.
2. Energy Digital, 2024.
3. Science Direct, 2024.
1. International Renewable Energy Agency. 4. For more information: International Air Transport Association (IATA), 2023.
2. United States Environmental Protection Agency, 2025. 5. For more information: International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), 2023.
44 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 45

--- Page 25 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Blue hydrogen and ammonia The growth of this portfolio depends on demand for Using natural gas for power generation Key natural gas achievements during 2024 include:
lower-carbon hydrogen and ammonia, and Aramco is
Aramco continues to develop its production capacity for Aramco is playing a pivotal role in Saudi Arabia’s efforts to
• Jafurah unconventional gas basin, one of the largest
continuing its efforts to secure long-term demand in the
lower-carbon hydrogen as part of its ambition to expand diversify its energy mix and reduce reliance on liquid fuels
liquid-rich shale gas plays in the Middle East, spanning
Kingdom and internationally. These efforts have included
its new energies portfolio. Aramco acquired a 50% equity for power generation. In 2024, Aramco generated 5.3 GW
17,000 km2 between the Ghawar oil field and the Arabian
bilateral discussions and the signing of several indicative
interest in the Jubail-based Blue Hydrogen Industrial Gases of power through its captive power plants. 4.3 GW were
Gulf, holds an estimated 229 trillion cubic feet of rich raw
agreements in principle with potential customers in
Company (BHIG), a wholly-owned subsidiary of APQ, that used to meet internal demand, and 0.7 GW of spill power
gas. Design, procurement, and construction activities
Saudi Arabia, Asia, and the EU. Aramco is also phasing the
is expected to produce lower-carbon hydrogen that would was transferred to the national grid. Aramco’s cogeneration
continued at the Jafurah gas plant during 2024, with
development opportunities for its lower-carbon hydrogen
facilitate GHG mitigation efforts of local industries in the systems boost energy efficiency by capturing and using heat
phase one expected to commence production in 2025.
portfolio in line with market demand.
Jubail area. that traditional power generation would typically waste,
Phase two development is currently under way.
thereby reducing emissions and operational expenses.
Natural gas
Other investments and development opportunities are • As the world continues on its energy transition journey,
These systems not only generate electricity for Aramco’s
being evaluated to position the Company as both a leading Natural gas provides more efficient power and is less Aramco anticipates strong demand-led growth for
operations and the national grid, but also enhance energy
exporter of blue ammonia and local provider of lower- emissions-intensive than other conventional forms of Liquified Natural Gas (LNG). Aramco announced its entry
self-sufficiency and support broader sustainability
carbon hydrogen, with an aim to serve early market demand nonrenewable energy such as coal and oil. into the global LNG business in 2023 when it acquired
ambitions, positioning them as an effective solution for
and future GHG mitigation needs starting in 2028. The a minority stake in MidOcean Holdings II, L.P.
Aramco has large high-quality gas reserves and exclusive energy production. This initiative supports the Kingdom’s
development of our lower-carbon ammonia portfolio is (“MidOcean”), which in turn owns MidOcean Energy, LLC
access to the Kingdom’s growing domestic marketplace. Liquid Displacement Program, which aims to replace
being phased in line with market demand. While continuing (“MidOcean Energy”). MidOcean Energy is an LNG
The Company’s strategy includes growing its sales gas approximately one million barrels of oil equivalent per day
early engineering work to enable the production of up to company, formed and managed by EIG Global Energy
production capacity by potentially more than 60% by 2030 (MMboed) of liquids with sales gas, renewable energy
11 MMtpa as the market evolves, the Company currently Partners with the objective of building a long-term
compared to its 2021 production levels, subject to domestic deployment, and efficiency improvements by 2030.
targets to produce up to 2.5 MMtpa of lower-carbon LNG portfolio. In 2024, Aramco increased its stake
demand and inclusive of pre-FID projects not yet announced.
ammonia by 2030, subject to the availability of commercially The Master Gas System Phase III Expansion (MGS III) is an in MidOcean.
Increased gas production is expected to come from Aramco’s
viable long-term offtake contracts. essential component of Aramco’s strategy to grow its sales
• Aramco’s gas strategy aims to support the Kingdom’s
associated, nonassociated, and unconventional tight
gas production capacity. It enhances the gas supply capacity
economic growth and diversification, which includes
gas basins.
to the central and western regions and extends the network
reducing liquid burning for domestic power generation
to the southern region. This expansion not only supplies gas
and water desalination. In 2024, the Company
to utility plants but also connects to 11 industrial clusters
commenced production of gas stored in the Kingdom’s
across the Kingdom. This connectivity facilitates fuel
first underground natural gas storage project. This stored
switching, promotes industrial growth, and contributes to
gas was previously injected into the depleted Unayzah gas
lowering GHG emissions, aligning with the broader goals
reservoir. Aramco’s MGS is a gateway toward delivering
of the Saudi Green Initiative.
gas-fired electricity to the Kingdom’s utility plants and
industrial facilities.
Sustainability in action Sustainability in action
0.7
GW
Aramco’s journey in blue ammonia and blue Powering Saudi Arabia’s summer with gas
Power supplied to
hydrogen production the national grid In April 2024, Aramco launched the Hawiyah Unayzah Gas Reservoir Storage,
Saudi Arabia’s first gas storage facility, enhancing the Kingdom’s lower-carbon energy
Aramco has made progress in lower-carbon energy production. A prudent strategy
capabilities. The facility features several environmental innovations, including the
is being adopted in developing the Company’s blue hydrogen and blue ammonia
elimination of flaring during gas injection, advanced monitoring technologies such
business, with a phased development approach that calibrates supply and market
as gas leak detection in valves, and high-integrity pressure protection systems.
demand with optionality for early entry to establish a market leading position. Aramco
Capitalizing on circular economy design that provides a circular mode of operation
is also leveraging CCS technologies to advance its blue hydrogen and ammonia
between injection and reproduction facilities in an accelerated response cycle, this
production. Strategic partnerships, including the development of the Jubail CCS hub
operational mode will eliminate the need for flaring during depressurization at the
and a JV with Air Products Qudra (APQ), underscore Aramco’s efforts to becoming
injection facility, where the sales gas is injected into the gas reservoir or recycled back
a leader in lower-carbon hydrogen production.
to the reproduction facility, then to the MGS for flexible operation. This supports
Aramco’s role in providing balance to the local sales gas network.
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
Lower-carbon initiatives Technology
Lower-carbon initiatives Technology
46 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 47

--- Page 26 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Product diversification
The materials transition recognizes the growing importance Aramco is advancing a number of initiatives along the value
of advanced, durable, carbon-based materials in enabling chain, leveraging its strength as one of the world’s largest
the energy transition. These materials are essential for integrated energy and chemicals companies. As petrochemicals
manufacturing technologies that help reduce emissions – are expected to be the main driver of hydrocarbon demand
such as wind turbines, solar panels, batteries, mobility in the years ahead, Aramco is investing in this sector to
solutions, and the infrastructure that supports them. diversify into lower-emissions value chains.
This shift also involves moving away from materials with Analysis1 shows growing demand for advanced materials,
high energy and carbon intensities toward alternatives with driven by the energy transition, which is already helping
lower environmental impacts across their full lifecycle – to reduce emissions. These materials enable more efficient
Energy transition minerals This strategy not only enhances the efficiency and reliability
from production, operation, use, and disposal. energy use, support lower-emission production pathways,
of operations but also contributes to sustainability by
and promote circular carbon economies. Renewable energy technologies require large amounts of
reducing the energy intensity of installations and reducing
critical minerals. Because current supply chains to process
Aramco is also exploring how to cut the cost of carbon fiber
corrosion-related issues.
Advanced materials and deliver these minerals are underdeveloped and lack
manufacturing by at least 50% to support mass production,
sufficient capital, Aramco and Ma’aden are exploring critical
The automotive industry is a large consumer of nonmetallic
while developing polymer-based solutions for hydrogen
minerals, including the extraction of lithium, an important
products like carbon fiber reinforced plastic. Carbon
storage tanks and electric vehicle battery enclosures.
The materials transition spans the full value chain of how mineral for energy storage. Aramco and Ma’aden have
fiber-based materials are lighter than steel, which results
To accelerate the adoption of nonmetallic materials beyond
we produce, use, and dispose of the foundational materials signed non-binding Heads of Terms to establish a JV for
in less fuel consumption, better vehicle performance, and
the oil and gas sector, Aramco collaborates with leading
of the modern economy. Increasingly, hydrocarbons will minerals exploration and mining in Saudi Arabia, focusing
lower emissions.
industry players including Aachen, GmbH, IBM, 4M,
be used less for combustion, and more as feedstock for on energy transition minerals. With potential lithium
and RPDC.
advanced materials that are vital to the energy transition. production by 2027, the proposed JV aims to leverage Aramco is deploying nonmetallic materials for the oil and
gas industry, and we are deploying innovative nonmetallic
Aramco’s expertise, infrastructure, and geological data
By replacing traditional, emissions-intensive materials like
materials for the automotive, construction, packaging,
to advance extraction technologies, maximize mineral
steel and concrete, alternative materials can help reduce
and renewable energy sectors, as well.
potential, and strengthen the Kingdom’s position in the
GHG emissions across key industries such as construction,
global energy transition.
housing, transportation, infrastructure, and renewables. In 2024, Aramco furthered its adoption of advanced
Deployment of advanced materials materials by:
Nonmetallic solutions – such as the development of • Developing and deploying an advanced lower-carbon
advanced polymer-based composites – can address some of lifecycle composite pipe designed for high pressure
the world’s most pressing energy and materials challenges. (1500 psi) and high temperature (200°F) operations for
hydrocarbon transportation, which reduces corrosion risks,
Aramco is involved in adopting advanced materials,
and reduces emissions by 40-50% on a lifecycle basis.
particularly nonmetallic solutions, to meet future energy
• Advancing a new generation of engineered cementitious
needs in a more sustainable way. These solutions leverage
composite as a new concrete solution. This technology
Aramco’s extensive hydrocarbon resources and
includes polymer fibers as reinforcements, and leads to
technological capabilities.
lower emissions on a lifecycle basis.
In the oil and gas industry, nonmetallic solutions are
• Developing a novel lightweight composite rebar
designed to reduce the corrosion, weight, and cost of
technology to potentially replace steel rebars for
metals. They include flowlines, downhole production
pavement applications, which leads to a lower-carbon
tubing, pumps, and cooling towers manufactured from
emission on a lifecycle basis.
nonmetallic materials such as glass fiber reinforced
• Developing sensors in collaboration with KAUST, for
polymers, and promote the material transition towards
nonmetallic structural health monitoring and anomalies
lower-carbon solutions, on a lifecycle basis. Aramco has
detection at the Jazan Refinery complex.
been at the forefront of introducing nonmetallic solutions,
including nonmetallic tubing and extensive installations • Announcing a strategic five-year Cooperation Framework
of nonmetallic pipes such as reinforced thermoplastic pipe Agreement (CFA) with China National Building Material
(RTP) and reinforced thermosetting resin (RTR) pipes. (CNBM) Group. The agreement focuses on exploring
The Company has installed more than 10,000 kilometers opportunities in advanced materials and industrial
of nonmetallic pipes over the past five years, encompassing development.
a wide range of applications within both its conventional
and unconventional assets. These nonmetallic materials
are used in high-pressure oil, gas, and water systems,
providing advantages in terms of corrosion resistance,
faster installation times, and reduced lifecycle costs.
1. RystdadEnergy, 2024.
48 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 49

--- Page 27 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Aramco continues to grow its petrochemicals sector.
Liquids-to-chemicals Key development areas include the following: Sustainability investments
• In 2024, Aramco, in collaboration with China Petroleum
Aramco’s petrochemicals business represents an extension and Chemical Corporation (SINOPEC) and Fujian
of the hydrocarbon value chain. Within its global Downstream Petrochemical Company Limited (FPCL), broke ground on
and engagement
segment, the Company has an integrated petrochemicals a new integrated refining and petrochemical complex in
business producing basic chemicals, such as aromatics, and Fujian Province, China. This greenfield project is expected
polyolefins, and more complex products such as polyols, to be fully operational by the end of 2030. The facility
and synthetic rubber. is planned to have a 16 million tons-per-year oil refining
Climate change external engagement To help mobilize the industry, OGCI is leading and
unit (320,000 barrels per day), a 1.5 million tons-per-year
Aramco intends to expand its integrated refining and Aramco is part of the OGCI, a CEO-led initiative consisting co-funding the OGDC, an initiative through which
ethylene unit, a two million tons paraxylene and
petrochemicals capacity and diversify its product offerings of 12 of the world’s major energy companies, responsible 56 companies representing approximately 45% of the global
downstream derivatives capacity, and a 300,000-ton
along the entire hydrocarbon value chain. Aramco intends for producing about one-third of global oil and gas. As an oil production, share their experiences and collaborate to
crude oil terminal. The project aims to maximize chemical
to continue to grow its liquids-to-chemicals business, with OGCI member, Aramco Ventures contribute to the $1 billion accelerate their emissions reductions from their operations.
output and is expected to supply around five million tons
a goal to increase its capacity in petrochemical producing Climate Investment Fund, the investment arm of the OGCI.
per year of feedstock to the Gulei Petrochemical Base. Research and development
complexes to up to four million barrels per day by 2030. Its mission is to achieve reductions in GHG emissions
• Aramco continues the construction of Shaheen The Company has established a policy to position itself as
by investing in and promoting the market adoption of
By the end of 2024, Aramco had achieved about 45% of this petrochemical project, in partnership with S-Oil. a leader in R&D, while actively participating in the Kingdom’s
innovations from our portfolio companies through
goal, with plans for further capacity expansion ongoing. The project is anticipated to transform crude oil into innovative ecosystems. In 2024, Aramco’s sustainability-
a network of investors and global partnerships.
petrochemical feedstock, employing Aramco’s TC2C™ related R&D spend2 was $623 million, which equated to 63%
Petrochemical basic chemical building blocks are key to the
technology, which was developed in partnership with The OGCI celebrated its 10-year anniversary in 2024. of total 2024 R&D spend2 of $996 million. The R&D spend
energy transition because they are versatile and essential for
CLG and Lummus Technology. Thermal Crude to Established in 2014 during the UN Climate Summit in New encompassed sustainability focused solutions to improve our
sustainable technologies and modern infrastructure. They
Chemicals (TC2C™) simplifies the crude conversion York, OGCI has spent the past decade leading the oil and gas business operations and energy efficiency, enhance carbon
support the development of renewable energy technologies,
process compared to conventional crude oils to chemicals industry’s approach to climate change. Since 2017, member circularity, as well as supporting the global energy transition.
advanced materials, and the circular carbon economy. They
technologies while delivering higher chemical yields. companies have collectively reduced upstream methane In 2024, 26% of patents filed were related to sustainability
also help reduce emissions from hard-to-abate industries by
The construction, which began in 2023, is on track to emissions by 55%, cut routine flaring by 53%, and decreased technologies, an increase from the prior year (20% in 2023).
replacing more carbon-intensive products. Carbon-intensive
be completed by 2026. The facility is expected to have upstream carbon intensity by 21%. Additionally, they have
products are those that result in high levels of GHG
the capacity to produce up to 3.2 million tons of invested collectively about $95.8 billion over the same
emissions throughout their lifecycle, from production to
petrochemicals annually, including high-value polymers. period in lower-carbon emissions technologies. The OGCI
disposal. The shift towards more sustainable alternatives
• In 2024, Aramco and the Ronsheng Petrochemical Climate Investments’ portfolio with assets under 10
involves adopting alternative production pathways,
years
management of approximately $1.3 billion has achieved
Company formed a partnership to advance the SASREF
enhancing energy efficiency, and utilizing renewable
a cumulative reduction of 95 MMtCO e since 2019. OGCI celebrated its 10 years anniversary in 2024.
project as part of the Liquid to Chemical Program. Aramco
resources to reduce GHG emissions throughout the product 2
Since 2019, it has achieved a cumulative reduction of
intends to establish a 50% partnership with Rongsheng
lifecycle, as well as identifying and producing alternatives
95 MMtCO e and since 2024, it is co-funding the OGDC
in this project, which includes ethane and mixed feed
to these carbon-intensive products. Our basic chemicals 2
to accelerate emissions reductions from 56 companies
crackers and their derivatives units.
production capacity allows us to position ourselves
representing approximately 45% of the global oil production
strategically as these chemicals provide the foundational • Aramco continues construction of the Amiral petrochemical
materials needed for various energy solutions and products, project on partnership with TotalEnergies. Construction
as well as lower-carbon innovations and technologies, started in 2023 with commercial operations planned for 2024 spend 2023 spend 2022 spend
R&D focus areas ($ million) ($ million) ($ million)
making them essential to the energy transition. 2027. The complex aims to produce 1.65 million tons per
annum of ethylene from a mixed-feed cracker. CCUS 62.6 40.0 41.5
The Company is creating and deploying technologies to
• Aramco continues the construction of the Huajin Aramco
produce chemicals in high demand with lower emissions.
Renewable energy 27.8 7.5 6.4
Petrochemical Company (HAPCO) refinery and
Through its June 2020 acquisition of a majority interest
petrochemicals project. The joint venture between Energy efficiency 69.8 71.0 64.8
in SABIC, the Company increased its petrochemicals
Aramco (30%), NORINCO Group (51%) and Panjin
production, which continues to grow through capacity
Waste management and recycling 19.8 16.3 32.3
Xincheng Industrial Group (19%) is developing the complex
expansions and new investments. Aramco is working
to commercialize innovative C2C technologies, aiming in Panjin, in China’s Liaoning Province. Construction Water management 55.7 50.1 32.2
started in 2023 with commercial operations planned for
to remove or streamline several conventional industrial
Gas treatment 26.4 42.8 40.5
2026. Aramco is expected to supply up to 210,000 barrels
processes, lowering production costs and emissions
associated with the use of oil. per day of crude oil feedstock to the facility. Lower-carbon hydrogen 127.4 57.8 26.4
Sustainable mobility 190.0 208.9 136.6
Crude to chemicals 15.9 16.4 30.3
Nonmetallic applications 27.6 29.6 24.2
Total R&D for sustainability technologies1,2 623 540 435
Total Aramco R&D2 996 861 737
Total R&D for sustainability technologies1/Total Aramco R&D2 63% 63% 59%
* Metric reported for the first time externally.
1. Includes direct R&D program costs plus estimated overheads.
2. The reporting boundary for this is Company in-Kingdom (including Global Research Centers). As part of Aramco’s innovation ecosystem, our Global Research Centers play
an enabling role in advancing long-term goals related to energy innovation, sustainability, and operational efficiency. A research center’s scope and activities are
functionally aligned with at least one R&D program, with many centers focusing on multiple objectives and programs.
50 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 51

--- Page 28 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Carbon capture and storage Fresh water conservation
Extensive laboratory assessments were completed to Our efforts in the advancement of sustainable
support the Company’s plans for its first sequestration practices are demonstrated through the continuous
project in saline aquifers. More than 200 laboratory research, development, and deployment of new
tests were conducted to provide the necessary data technologies aimed at enhancing fresh water
for modeling and risk mitigation assessment, and to conservation. Examples of such efforts include:
ensure that the CO is stored safely. These tests include pond-water based fracturing fluids, CO foamed
2 2
measurements of petrophysical and mechanical rocks fracturing fluids, and fast advanced sulfate removal.
properties as well as fluid-fluid and rock-fluid
interactions under aquifer conditions.
Our efforts on CCS are not limited to subsurface
studies but also extend to various aspects including
the monitoring and surveillance of CCS projects.
CO mineralization Hydrogen production
2
Besides subsurface sequestration, alternative Our hydrogen R&D program aims to advance the
sequestration routes represent a key focus within our frontiers of sustainable energy production and
R&D portfolio. In addition to previously highlighted exploration. The program covers hydrogen production
CO mineralization R&D efforts, we are exploring the from upstream pond waters, catalytic in-situ hydrogen
2
conversion of CO into various oilfield chemicals and production from oilfields, bio-based in-situ hydrogen
2
products such as biocides for water treatment and subsurface generation, and various routes for H S
2
acids for scale inhibition. conversion into H .
2
Innovative solutions to capture CO at the point of emission
2
Aramco’s mobile carbon capture technology aims to capture CO at the point of emission. During the past decade,
2
Aramco’s Transport Technologies R&D team has road-tested prototypes for an array of vehicles and trucks, generating
more than a dozen granted patents that are part of an active licensing program.
Sustainability in action Innovative hydrocarbon extraction solutions
Aramco explores and implements artificial lift
Gas innovation to reduce emissions
solutions to enhance the efficiency of hydrocarbon
extraction.
In 2024, Aramco advanced its gas strategy to support
the Company’s efforts to reduce emissions with
Artificial lift technologies, such as electric submersible
innovative technologies in gas processing:
pumps (ESPs) and gas lifts, are used to help extract
fluids from underground reservoirs to the surface.
• Shedgum gas plant: patented a new control system
These technologies are transforming the fields of
for the Amine Absorber, cutting CO emissions
2
energy extraction and petroleum production.
by 170 MtCO e through reduced steam and fuel
2
consumption.
In addition, the Company has been investing in
• Haradh gas plant: patented the use of 14 wireless technologies like rigless ESP technology, which
flowmeters for improved accuracy and reduced reduces the need for rig interventions, and dual ESP
emissions in the acid gas handling area. technology, which offers a redundant system that
extends the ESP lifecycle.
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
These advanced artificial lift technologies help
enhance cost-effectiveness, reliability, overall
Lower-carbon
Technology
initiatives efficiency, and adaptability to varying well conditions.
52 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 53

--- Page 29 ---
Differentiate I Sustain I Diversify I Enable
Recent investments by Aramco Ventures
Aramco Ventures
Amogy Xpansiv
Aramco Ventures serves as Aramco’s dynamic venturing arm, managing multiple venture capital
Amogy enables zero-emission transportation through Xpansiv facilitates the trading of environmental
programs with total assets under management (AUM) of $7 billion.
the use of ammonia as a transportation fuel. Their commodities and is a leader in the energy and
patented ammonia cracking technology is integrated environmental commodities market, offering an
with either fuel cell or hydrogen engine systems to integrated platform to support the global energy
Investing in innovative technologies and solutions
Link to strategic enabler:
generate electric power from liquid ammonia. transition. It provides access to a wide range of energy
Headquartered in Saudi Arabia, Aramco Ventures maintains offices in the US, Europe,
transition markets, including the largest environmental
Technology
and China. Aramco Ventures includes the $1.5 billion Sustainability Fund and the
commodities trading platform. In May 2024, Xpansiv
$0.5 billion Industrial Fund, which are dedicated to global investments in startups that
secured investment from Aramco Ventures to enhance
provide strategic value through deployment within Aramco and facilitate the development
its market infrastructure and support its growth strategy.
of new energy and materials businesses. Aramco Ventures also oversees the $3 billion
Prosperity7 Fund, focusing on disruptive startups to support Aramco’s long-term diversification goals. Xpansiv was also chosen to provide the technology
for Saudi Arabia’s Voluntary Carbon Market Company
Additionally, Aramco Ventures operates a $2 billion Late-Stage Strategic Venturing Fund, specializing in larger-scale
(VCM), which launched in November 2024, facilitating
REDEX
minority investments that support partnerships and the development of a high-growth, disruptive business portfolio.
carbon credit transactions. Additionally, Xpansiv
REDEX is a leading commodity exchange in Asia and Connect offers open access to its trading and settlement
Fund Structure
accelerates the shift to renewable energy with scalable platforms, integrated with global registries, supporting
Four Funds with AUM of $7 billion.
solutions, offering a comprehensive ecosystem for RECs. various marketplaces worldwide.
As Asia’s leading RECs trading platform, it lists over
Aramco Ventures 480,000 RECs from 1,600 assets. REDEX is developing its
footprint in the Middle East, to enable effective trading
markets for RECs to develop in those markets.
Early-Stage Strategic Venturing Early-Stage Diversified Venturing
Invest in start-ups to accelerate their development Invest in disruptive start-ups that help support
and deployment in Aramco Aramco’s long-term diversification
1. Industrial Fund 2. Sustainability Fund 3. Prosperity7 Fund
OXCCU Carbon Clean
$0.5 billion $1.5 billion $3 billion
OXCCU is a carbon transformation company that Carbon Clean is focused on transforming carbon
converts CO and hydrogen into SAF and other valuable capture technology with innovative solutions to reduce
2
Late-Stage Venturing hydrocarbons using proprietary catalyst technology. industrial emissions and promote sustainability.
4. Late-Stage Venturing Fund
Invest with a focus on potential Aramco
OXCCU has developed an innovative multifunctional Partnering with Aramco and Samsung E&A, Carbon
$2 billion
long-term strategy targets
catalyst system capable of directly converting carbon Clean is deploying its compact CycloneCC technology
dioxide and hydrogen into hydrocarbons within the to capture CO from natural gas turbine exhausts.
2
jet fuel range. This process offers cost advantages If successful, this could reduce the installed cost of
over alternatives, both in operational and capital carbon capture systems by up to 50% compared
The Sustainability Fund consists of 36 portfolio companies expenditures, which will help reduce the cost of to conventional methods, while maintaining high
(27 direct investments, and 9 indirect investments), with a total synthetic SAF. The Company recently marked the performance and efficiency at lower CO concentrations.
Rondo: a VC investment by 2
committed amount of $500 million, since inception. In 2024, the opening of their demonstration plant at Oxford Airport
Sustainability Fund committed $107 million* (including seven in the UK.
Aramco Ventures
new portfolio companies*) in various sustainability technologies.
Rondo has created an electro-thermal energy storage
In addition, Aramco Ventures aims to support the development
solution that utilizes abundant, low-cost materials to
and deployment of innovative technologies that can enhance
deliver continuous lower-carbon heat for industrial
the operations of Aramco while also contributing to the energy
processes. This battery can seamlessly integrate with Direct air capture portfolio investments
sector’s sustainability. Since 2014, Aramco Ventures has piloted
existing assets, either replacing outdated fossil-fueled
and deployed 68 technologies at Aramco facilities. Aramco Ventures has Ucaneo (Germany) Captura (USA) Parallel Carbon (USA)
equipment or complementing operational systems,
invested in a diverse
and is charged by renewable sources such as wind or Develops an Focuses on DOC by Combines DAC with
range of DAC and Direct
solar. It is currently the world’s highest-temperature, electrochemical DAC system removing CO from water electrolysis to
2
Ocean Capture (DOC)
highest-efficiency commercial energy storage solution. inspired by the human seawater, enabling capture CO and produce
$
1.5
billion $
500
million Aramco and Rondo are exploring opportunities to
technologies, each
lung, capturing CO subsequent absorption hydrogen u
2
sing
2
offering unique
deploy this battery in existing facilities and future efficiently at room from the atmosphere. renewable energy.
Dedicated to sustainability Invested across 36 portfolio
innovations:
applications, including hydrogen production, carbon temperature.
globally companies, since inception
CarbonCapture Inc. (USA) Spiritus (USA)
capture, DAC, and desalination.
Offers modular and Low-cost passive
scalable DAC systems for absorption systems that
107 68
larger-scale carbon removal are able to regenerate via
$ million*
and storage. submersion in hot water.
In various sustainability Technologies piloted and
technologies in 2024 deployed at Aramco facilities * Metric reported for the first time externally.
54 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 55

--- Page 30 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Climate Safe
change and operations
the energy and people
transition development
How we
work
G e
overnanc
Growing Minimizing
societal environmental
value impact
Safe operations
and people
development
Workforce protection and process safety ........................................ 60
Human rights in the workplace ........................................................ 66
Labor practices .................................................................................. 67
Aramco continues to foster a diverse and inclusive workforce.
Diverse talent enhances collaboration, innovation, and respect,
reflecting the global perspectives inherent in Aramco’s multi-
national workforce.
56 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 57

--- Page 31 ---
Safe operations and people development
Performance of our key metrics
Safe operations and people development
Our view
Material issue Relevant metrics 2024 2023 Status
People are one of the key enablers of Aramco’s strategy. We believe Workforce Number of fatalities 8 3 While the total recordable case rate and the lost time incident
that by maintaining the safety of our workforce, assets, and protection rate remain comparable to the 2023 performance, we
surrounding communities, as well as fostering continuous learning Lost time injuries/illnesses 0.021 0.018 regrettably suffered eight losses of life. We conducted
See page 60
rate (per 200,000 work thorough investigations, with lessons captured and
in our workforce while promoting a diverse and inclusive workplace,
hours) prevention measures implemented to avoid recurrence.
we are strengthening our foundation for enduring success.
Total recordable case rate 0.046 0.042
(per 200,000 work hours)
Process safety Number of Tier 1 process 9 15 The number of Tier 1 process safety events improved in 2024
and asset safety events reflecting the robustness of Aramco’s process safety and
Our ambition
asset integrity practices.
integrity
See page 61
We endeavor to provide our employees with a safe working
Human rights Number of grievances raised 112 230 Aramco continues to provide channels for employees to raise
environment, best-in-class training, education, and development
issues and voice concerns without retaliation.
opportunities to support their careers and their future. We aim to See page 66
Sites with a grievance 100 100 Grievance mechanisms are in place at all our sites, accessible
increase the representation of women and people with disabilities
mechanism in place (%) through online grievance forms.
(PwD) in the Company, while promoting a culture where all
employees can succeed. Labor practices Average number of training 140 95 The average number of training hours per employee has
hours per employee (hours) increased 47.4% compared to 2023, indicating a stronger
See page 67
focus given on individual development and our dedication
Number of female 5,935 5,294 to building a more skilled workforce.
employees
In 2024, the number of female employees increased by 12.1%
and the number of females in leadership positions increased
Number of female 308 233
Our approach by 32.2% compared to the previous year, supported by our
employees in leadership
efforts in promoting equitable hiring opportunities and
positions
targeted development programs.
We strive to provide robust safety systems and processes to enhance Number of hired graduates 1,124 1,665 We continue to nurture future talent and drive educational
the protection of our employees and contractors leveraging the latest and economic opportunities for Saudi youth through
digital technologies, and unifying health and safety approaches across Number of apprentices 1,986 2,200 apprenticeship programs and provision of internship
(new intake) opportunities. The number of hired graduates, new intake
the Group, guided by best practices and affiliates’ insights.
of apprentices, and interns varied year-on-year according
Number of interns 3,222 3,201 to the business needs and candidate pools.
Our policies are informed by international human rights principles,
and aim to cultivate a respectful and productive workplace. We
Full metric table on pages 123-125
engage our employees through a variety of communication channels
and we have a formal grievance process overseen by our Human
Our contribution to the UN SDGs
Resources Department.
Aramco implements various safety, health, and well-being Aramco is improving the gender balance of its workforce
To advance equity and inclusion (E&I), we focus on attracting diverse
programs for our employees, contractors, and suppliers, and beyond via a range of female empowerment initiatives,
talent, increasing equity in leadership, building an inclusive workplace,
supported by our ongoing digital transformation efforts. including provision of targeted educational and development
and establishing E&I as a business priority and enabler.1
opportunities.
Aramco believes in lifelong learning and development. We have established policies and processes to manage our
We continue to provide world-class learning experiences ethics, bribery, and corruption risks, and ensure a suitable
that drive both personal growth and effective operations working environment for our workforce.
at all levels of the Company through innovative platforms.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
1. More information on our E&I initiatives can be found on page 68 of this Report. of our website.
58 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 59

--- Page 32 ---
Workforce protection and process safety
Our safety performance
Workforce protection
Occupational safety
and process safety
2024 2023 2022
Fatal accident rate (per 100,000,000 work hours) 0.771 0.305 Metric not
Safety is integral and paramount to our operations at disclosed
Aramco. It is ingrained as one of the Company’s five core Safety Management previously
values. Safeguarding people, assets, and the environment
Number of fatalities 8 3 5
is central to our mission and is reflected in our approach
to building and sustaining a robust safety culture across System Total recordable case rate (per 200,000 work hours) 0.046 0.042 0.050
our workforce.
Lost time injuries/illnesses (LTI) rate (per 200,000 work hours) 0.021 0.018 0.014
We operate under a “total workforce concept”, where
Aramco’s SMS sets clear expectations for how safety is
our safety standards and practices are extended to all
managed, providing a structured framework that integrates
employees, contractors, and suppliers. By fostering a unified
occupational and process safety to maintain consistent
In 2024, we experienced the loss of two employees and Process safety and asset integrity
approach, we aim to create a workplace and environment
standards across all operations. Developed through
six contractor colleagues during their work with us. Each
Aramco aims to prevent process safety incidents, fostering
where safety is a shared responsibility and an integral part
comprehensive benchmarking with industry peers, the
of these tragedies has a profound impact on their families,
a proactive safety culture across the workforce, including
of our day-to-day operations.
SMS is aligned with the requirements of the internationally
colleagues, and our entire Company. Any loss of life is never
through safety inspections, ongoing training, and
recognized ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety
Aramco’s approach to incident prevention reflects our acceptable and to this end, we are continuously striving
communication.
Management System, and has been validated through
belief that all risks are manageable when addressed to reduce the occurrence of incidents.
third-party evaluation. By embedding rigorous safety In 2024, Aramco recorded nine Tier 1 process safety events
systematically, guided by our Safety Policy and Safety
Of these fatalities, three were due to injuries sustained from
processes into daily operations, the SMS enables business (PSEs), with seven occurring at wholly-owned in-Kingdom
Management System (SMS).
struck-by incidents and two from chemical exposure, while
units to meet safety expectations, prevent incidents, and assets and two at operationally-controlled affiliates. Three
Leadership plays a critical role in driving safety excellence the remaining were from electrical shock, fall from height,
enhance overall process safety, while supporting Aramco’s Tier 1 events were major, resulting in serious injuries, one
across the organization. Through clear accountability and and equipment failure incidents. Evaluations and lessons
operational goals. was moderate, and the remaining were classified as minor.
active engagement, management sets the tone to ensure learned from these incidents have been shared with relevant
Despite portfolio changes that may impact our operational
The implementation of the SMS is supported by SafeLife,
high safety standards and practices are implemented and organizations, and we have implemented remedial actions
baseline, our goal remains the elimination of Tier 1 PSEs.
a one-stop digital safety platform that allows organizations
maintained. Oversight of safety is reinforced through a and enhanced risk management to prevent reoccurrence.
We emphasize best practice sharing across sites, with
to effectively manage their safety programs and monitor
robust governance structure, where the Board’s Sustainability,
a dedicated incident investigation team addressing
performance, report incidents and safety observations,
Risk and Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Committee
improvement opportunities to enhance safety performance
process recommendations and corrective actions, and
and the Group Health, Safety, Security and Environment
Company-wide.
manage field safety inspections. All employees and
(GHSSE) Committee provide strategic guidance on safety
contractors have access to SafeLife via their work systems
matters and receive regular updates on the Company’s
and mobile phones.
safety and health performance.
Number of Tier 1 process safety events
Loss prevention compliance review
Our ongoing digital transformation efforts further support
our strategy, enabling the deployment of innovative safety Loss prevention compliance reviews (LPCR) play a role in
solutions that enhance safety governance, improve real-time overseeing the Company’s safety programs implementation 2024 9
risk management, and strengthen emergency preparedness, and their alignment with the Safety Policy and SMS.
2023 15
while maintaining our focus on operational resilience. These reviews support safety excellence and continuous
improvement throughout the Company by identifying areas 2022 11
of focus and promoting best practices.
The LPCR involves conducting thorough assessments with a
multi-disciplinary team and generating detailed reports with
recommendations and actionable steps for organizations
within the Company with the aim of improving the safety
culture. These reports play a role in enabling departments
to conduct high quality self-assessments, identify areas for
improvement, and drive proactive safety initiatives within
the organization.
In 2024, 47 reviews were completed across our in-Kingdom
operations as well as international affiliates. These assessments
focused primarily on hydrocarbon and industrial organizations,
and also included major projects and office-based organizations.
47
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
LPCRs completed in 2024 of our website.
60 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 61

--- Page 33 ---
Workforce protection and process safety continued
Additionally, we utilize the Turnaround Safety Index (TSI) to
Safety training Contractor safety focus specifically on contractor safety performance during
major turnarounds and inspections. In 2024, we completed
322 TSI inspections.
Aramco aims to ensure the safety and well-being of
programs
its contractors. Our strategy is built on a robust field For onshore and offshore drilling operations, we rely on
presence, systematic performance evaluations, and the the Rig Safety Index (RSI) to monitor safety performance
Aramco leverages advanced technologies to enhance safety implementation of effective governance practices. We among drilling contractors. In 2024, we conducted 228 RSI
training programs, offering virtual reality (VR), merged employ specialized tools to track and assess contractor inspections, covering 17 prime drilling contractors, assessing
reality (MRx), and augmented reality (AR) modules for safety performance, promoting adherence to our corporate contractor safety performance, seeking to ensure compliance
critical topics such as hazard recognition and control, safety standards. In addition, Aramco is actively participating with safety procedures across our Drilling and Workover
confined space entry, joint site inspection, fire safety, with the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers operations.
scaffolding, working at height, and journey management. (IOGP) to enhance the future industrial outlook on
In 2024, we took a step forward in enhancing well
Employment of these technologies allows for more contractor management, with contributions to shape future
completion site safety performance with the introduction of
immersive and engaging learning for thousands of safety considerations and management of contractors
the Well Safety Index (WSI) framework. This comprehensive
our employees. Mukamalah is setting benchmarks in aviation safety and throughout all phases of engagement.
framework evaluates safety performance across five critical
sustainability through the effective use of Flight Operations
Visible safety leadership, where management actively We use the Construction Safety Index (CSI) as a key metric well completion activities, such as coiled tubing, slickline,
Quality Assurance (FOQA) data. By proactively identifying
demonstrate their focus on safety through tangible actions to evaluate our construction contractors’ compliance well testing, wireline, and fracking, and establishes
trends and analyzing flight performance, FOQA enables
and behavior, remains a key aspect of our safety culture. with safety requirements and to assess the overall safety a benchmarkable baseline for well service contractor
Mukamalah to mitigate potential hazards, improve
With this in mind, we continued to invest in developing performance. In 2024, we conducted 3,792 CSI inspections companies. During an initial validation process, we
operational efficiency, and support adherence to safety
leaders at all levels. Targeted workshops and courses are across 89 prime contractors. conducted 45 WSI assessments with three major well
protocols and regulations. These insights also feed into
services providers, verifying the framework’s accuracy and
offered to frontline managers and executives to strengthen
continuous training programs for pilots.
reliability. Building on this successful validation, we formally
their ability to lead with safety as a core value.
To uphold our high safety and operational standards, launched the WSI, marking a milestone in the Company’s
In 2024, we performed:
180 pilots undergo two training sessions per year at aviation Contractor Safety Improvement Program.
training academies accredited by regulatory authorities,
Transport safety
promoting continuous skill enhancement and compliance 3,792 322
with the latest manufacturer and industry standards.
Construction Safety Turnaround Safety
We transport large numbers of people, products, and
In addition, Mukamalah’s fleet incorporates advanced
Index inspections Index inspections
equipment by road, air, and sea, across our operations.
aviation technologies such as Ground Proximity Warning
This activity poses safety risks and we continuously seek
Systems, Traffic Collision Avoidance Systems, enhanced
to reduce these risks. weather radar systems, and data-driven Health Usage 228 45
Monitoring Systems.
Safety on the road
Rig Safety Index Well Safety Index
Our operations are widely spread, and sometimes are in Safety at sea inspections inspections
remote places. In Saudi Arabia alone, Aramco used over
We manage and operate over 330 maritime vessels, with
11,000 Company road vehicles covering more than
over 7,000 members of our workforce. Aramco’s marine
240 million kilometers, and over 420 buses, covering over
operations span the Kingdom’s coastlines from the Arabian
22 million kilometers to transport our people for business
Gulf to the Red Sea, providing safe, reliable, and cost-
in 2024.
effective integrated marine solutions. This supports the
Company’s offshore operations such as exploration, drilling,
We closely monitor the safety of our people on the road and
Sustainability in action
production, exportation, crew transfer, oil spill response,
mandate a number of traffic training and education programs
subsea repairs, offshore logistics, and offshore security.
for our employees, such as the Driver Improvement Program
Enhancing contractor safety
and its refresher, off-road, and specialty driving courses, and
In 2024, we introduced the “Back to Basics” safety
employ digital solutions aimed at improving traffic safety. awareness campaign through eight targeted sessions, through HSE Intelligence Hub
focusing on Aramco’s Lifesaving Rules related to work
Safety in air
Aramco launched the HSE Intelligence Hub to
permits, energy isolation, confined spaces, working at
Mukamalah operates a fleet of 54 aircraft across multiple transform how we collect, analyze, and utilize HSE
heights, road safety, excavations, use of personal protective
sectors, including shuttle, executive, and special mission data. The hub integrates data from over 20 sources,
equipment (PPE), and avoiding hazardous work zones.
operations. With a focus on safety, efficiency, and reliability, automating KPIs, allowing for a dynamic and real-time
Designed to strengthen marine safety culture, the program
the fleet has successfully transported over 1.2 million monitoring of HSE metrics. It facilitates informed
aimed to support adherence to these guidelines among
passengers, accumulating a total of over 58,000 flight hours decision-making and optimizes contractor oversight.
all marine employees. Over the course of the campaign,
in 2024. The hub strengthens our focus on HSE excellence,
more than 1,800 onboarding sessions were conducted
helps in minimizing incident risk, and promotes
with the engagement of more than 37,500 attendees.
a safer working environment.
Link to strategic enablers:
People Technology
62 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 63

--- Page 34 ---
Workforce protection and process safety continued
Emergency Digital transformation Health protection
Sustainability in action
Promoting safety in our community
Aramco considers health protection an integral pillar of its
preparedness in safety
operations, ensuring that its operations and projects comply Promoting safety in local communities forms an
with the applicable regulations related to health protection, element in our SMS. Examples of our effort include:
In 2024, Aramco enhanced its Corporate Emergency In 2024, Aramco continued to use advanced digital and strives to avoid creating undue health risks to workers
First Responder Grant
Management Program, focusing on readiness, resilience, technologies to reinforce operational reliability and workforce and the public, guided by its Global Environment and
The First Responder Grant is an annual program
and pre-planning. The program was expanded to include protection, with a focus on hazard detection, incident Health Protection Policy. Aramco continues to engage
supporting emergency response organizations in
key functions such as Personnel, Public Affairs, and prevention, risk management, and real-time monitoring. its stakeholders, deliver health protection programs,
the communities near our operations, offering grant
Industrial Services organizations. promote appropriate industry practices, and leverage
We leveraged predictive analytics in our monitoring systems, funding for life-saving equipment and training to
technology in improving its health performance.
Quarterly technical exchange forums brought together using AI and smart cameras to identify unsafe conditions police, fire, and emergency medical services
emergency management staff to share knowledge and best and issue corrective measures at project sites and facilities. Several compliance programs are in place to manage, with departments. In 2024, Motiva awarded $75,194 to
practices. Emergency response plans were tested through We developed in-house machine learning models to forecast the aim to eliminate, the health impacts of our operations 15 emergency response organizations in three Texas
site-specific and large-scale exercises based on credible pipeline failures, supporting targeted maintenance and and facilities, covering environmental health, occupational counties in which it operates, marking the fourth grant
scenarios, including cybersecurity threats, journey reducing the risk of incidents. These tools assist us in health, industrial hygiene, and radiation protection. award cycle.
management, and operational disruptions. Analysis of identifying and managing risks in our efforts to enhance
In 2024, health performance improved over the previous
Since the program was introduced in 2021, it has
exercise critiques recorded in the SafeLife digital safety safety performance.
year with an increased number of resolved findings from the
provided grant awards across its operating area
system identified corporate-level trends and addressed
Company’s health assessment programs. In addition, health
totaling more than $500,000.
recurring issues.
risks posed by unresolved cases have been minimized and
Traffic safety in Eastern Province, KSA
Additionally, corporate emergency management documents long-term mitigation measures are being put in place.
were updated to incorporate safe evacuation procedures Aramco supports the Eastern Province Traffic Safety
Managing the well-being of our contractor workforce is
for PwD, ensuring inclusivity in emergency preparedness. Council to achieve one of the Vision 2030 strategic
an ongoing effort. Assessments, inspections, and initiatives
objectives of enhancing traffic safety by encouraging
such as the externally benchmarked Contractor Well-being
a safe driving culture, improving road infrastructure,
Program ensure that we address their physical and mental
and enhancing emergency services. The program
health.
Sustainability in action encompasses a comprehensive framework with
More information on our well-being initiatives can be found 91 initiatives planned over a 10-year period, including
Enhancing monitoring and inspection in the Labor Practices section of this Report. delivery of traffic safety awareness training courses
and campaigns, as well as improvement of road
through technology and AI
infrastructure towards enhanced International Road
Assessment Program (iRAP) ratings.
Utilizing drones for safety inspection
Health performance
We use a range of Unmanned Automated Vehicle (% overdue health findings)
(UAV) technologies for safety inspections. Fixed wing
2024 15
UAVs provide regular monitoring of cross-country
pipelines, while drones inspect high elevated cable
2023 19
trays, eliminating the need for scaffolding.
2022 15
Salamatic Eagle – safety monitoring through AI
The Salamatic Eagle reduces injuries on drilling rigs
and construction sites by combining CCTV feeds with
machine learning to detect PPE misuse, safety hazards,
and unsafe human behavior.
Raqeeb – smart solution for safety
Raqeeb is an AI-powered tool that helps to identify
safety observations and delivers critical insights. Using
real-time data analytics to enhance risk detection
and regulatory compliance, Raqeeb also expands the
safety database to highlight key risks and provide
tailored stakeholder support.
Link to strategic enabler:
Technology
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
64 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 65

--- Page 35 ---
Human rights in the workplace
Human rights in the workplace Labor practices
At Aramco, we support wider stakeholder engagement and We embrace and celebrate our diverse and multi-national
Number of grievances raised
seek to manage human rights impacts across our operations. workforce and promote mutual values of respect,
1
Aramco 2024 employee statistics
We adhere to local laws and are informed by internationally collaboration, and innovation in the workplace.
recognized human rights standards.
2024 112
We engage with our employees through a variety of
We strive to foster a positive workplace culture that channels, from town hall meetings to surveys and
2023 230
75,118
prioritizes dignity, respect, and inclusivity. This ambition recognition events, offering opportunities for their
includes a strong stance against abusive practices, modern 2022 293 voices to be heard.
Total number of employees
slavery, exploitation, and child labor.
We promote E&I, and have policies, training programs, and
Across our supply chain, we work with suppliers to promote adjustments in place to foster an inclusive and accepting
Sites with a grievance mechanism in place
respect of human rights, incorporating health and safety working environment where everyone feels valued,
(%)
requirements into goods and services procurement practices. respected, and empowered to thrive. 8 ,517 9 4
Our governance framework emphasizes transparency,
2024 100
Total number of Nationalities
adherence to applicable laws, and social and economic
development. By embedding these principles into our 2023 100 contractor employees
operations, we continue to make positive contributions,
2022 100
reflecting our values as a global corporate leader.
Breakdown of Company employees
Further details on our supply chain efforts can be found
in the Growing Societal Value chapter of this Report, under
By gender
Human Rights in the Supply Chain section. Grievances
7 .9 9 2.1
Aramco strives to maintain a workplace where employees % %
Code of Business
feel confident in raising concerns without fear of retaliation. Female Male
Alongside the reporting channels provided by the CoBC,
the Company offers a formal grievance process overseen
Conduct
by the HR Department to ensure all concerns are reviewed
By age
impartially and resolved fairly.
(%)
Aramco’s Code of Business Conduct (CoBC) reflects our Employees have the right to file grievances at any time
18.7
efforts in maintaining a respectful, safe, and ethical without risk of disciplinary action or adverse career impact.
workplace while upholding human rights. These principles Grievances can be submitted through an online reporting
guide how employees and Directors are expected to form, with personnel advisors available at HR service centers
behave and align with our dedication to being a responsible around the Kingdom and through online platforms to
corporate citizen across all areas of operation. These provide guidance on the process.
measures empower our colleagues to speak up, act with 59.5
This system underscores our dedication to transparency, 21.8
integrity, and contribute to a safe and ethical workplace.
accountability, and fostering a respectful workplace where
The CoBC can be accessed on our website. every employee’s concerns are addressed with fairness
and professionalism.
Employee relations
To promote business ethics and transparency, Aramco 44,667 16,389 14,062
operates a Workers Committee managed by a voluntary
35 years 36-44 years 45 years
team of elected employees, established an Employee
and younger and above
Grievance Mechanism, and conducts regular employee
experience surveys.
1. Company in-Kingdom only.
66 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 67

--- Page 36 ---
Labor practices continued
Inclusion of people with disabilities
Equity and inclusion
Aramco values the contributions of PwD and promotes an
inclusive workplace. As a member of The Valuable 500, a
global initiative to end disability exclusion, Aramco leverages
Aramco continues to foster a diverse and inclusive
Number of female employees best practices to support employees with disabilities.
workforce, and by embracing differences and providing Award
equitable access to opportunities, we aim to create an Disability inclusion at Aramco focuses on accessibility in Rated Top Employer again
environment where everyone feels valued, respected, 2024 5,935 physical, digital, and learning environments, helping
Aramco was officially certified as a Top Employer
and empowered to thrive. A diverse workforce enhances employees thrive in their work. Efforts include a reduced
in Saudi Arabia in 2024 and 2025 by the Top Employers
collaboration, innovation, and respect, reflecting the global 2023 5,294 working hours option, increasing the number of accessible
Institute, in recognition of its efforts to promote
perspectives inherent in Aramco’s multi-national workforce. facilities, initiating personal emergency evacuation plans,
2022 4,503 employee excellence and high standards in HR practices.
offering workplace adjustments like office ergonomics and
The People and Organization Committee oversees progress
mobility services, and providing assistive technology tools Aramco has also been ranked among the top 100
on E&I initiatives, which emphasizes hiring diverse talent,
such as screen readers and speech generation devices. in the 2024 edition of the World’s Best Employers
achieving equity in leadership at all levels, building an Female employees
by Statista, published in Forbes, and achieved the
inclusive workplace, and promoting E&I as a business (%) Aramco also offers regular training programs for leaders
highest ranking among its industry peers. The
priority and enabler. A key objective in our people strategy and employees and disseminates resources, such as our
Company also remains the highest-ranked employer
2024 7.9
is to increase the representation of women and PwD in the sign language booklet and Be Mindful Cards for promoting
in Saudi Arabia. This achievement highlights Aramco’s
Company through a strategic HR value chain approach of inclusive communication with PwD, aimed at raising awareness
2023 7.2 efforts to promote a positive workplace environment
Attract, Develop, and Retain while fostering a culture where and building a culture of inclusion. These measures reflect
for its employees and reaffirms its leadership in the
all employees can succeed. 2022 6.4 Aramco’s dedication to empowering PwD and integrating
energy sector.
their talents into the organizational ecosystem.
In 2024, we expanded E&I-related training programs for
In addition to these awards, the Company was also
our leaders and HR professionals. For example, the Michigan Aramco is also a member of the International Association of
Number of female employees in leadership positions1 recognized by TIME magazine amongst the “100 Most
Ross E&I program is aimed at equipping our leaders with Accessibility Professionals (IAAP) to support our accessibility
Influential Companies in the World”, and was also
tools and frameworks to lead diverse and inclusive teams upskilling initiatives. IAAP is a division of the Global Initiative
ranked in the Top 10 by LinkedIn for the “Best
and adopt inclusive hiring practices. Learning opportunities 2024 308 for Inclusive Information Communication Technologies,
Workplaces to Grow Your Career” in Saudi Arabia for
are also afforded to all employees through 28 webinars and advocacy initiative by the UN Global Alliance for ICT
the fourth consecutive year.
covering various E&I-related topics. 2023 233 and Development. This membership provides access to
training materials and webinars through a global network
Gender equity 2022 176
of accessibility professionals.
In 2024, Aramco’s total female new hires reached 24.0%,
comprising both Saudi and expatriate employees. We
Female employees in leadership positions
continued to develop female employees through advanced
(%)
degree programs, scholarships, and leadership initiatives.
Sustainability in action
Collaborations with national institutions have enhanced
2024 5.8
female representation in STEM fields, with 61% of Saudi
Promoting diversity in the Kingdom
female direct hires coming from STEM majors. Female 2023 4.8
leadership also expanded, increasing from 233 to 308 through the Success@Work program
2022 3.8
leaders, supported by targeted programs at global
Success@Work is an E&I initiative for National Training
universities such as Harvard University, INSEAD, and London
Centers (NTCs). NTCs are the product of the strategic
School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), in addition
Female new hires2 partnership between Aramco, the Technical and
to rotational job assignments.
(%) Vocational Training Cooperation, the Human
Aramco achieved milestones in promoting women in Resources Development Fund, and business partners,
non-traditional roles, including safety and security, and 2024 24.0 focusing on training and preparing young Saudis for
saw a rise in patents filed by female inventors. Through our different industries, further equipping the Kingdom
2023 24.1
efforts, we promote the empowerment of women across with a qualified workforce.
the organization and create opportunities for career growth. 2022 28.4
The initiative aims to create a workforce that is ready
for an inclusive workplace, through training sessions
that promote awareness on how each individual
contributes to an inclusive workplace. In 2024, over
70 sessions were delivered involving more than 2,000
participants. This initiative supports the Kingdom’s
Vision 2030 to provide pathways for individuals to
reach their full potential.
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
Localization and
the promotion of People
National Champions
1. Leadership positions are defined as chief position holders i.e. group leads, supervisors, managers and above.
2. Consists of direct hires, and excludes contractor employees and graduates from our non-employee programs.
68 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 69

--- Page 37 ---
Labor practices continued
Nurturing young talent
Investing in our
Sustainability in action Sustainability in action
Aramco is dedicated to developing a robust talent pipeline
to support the Company’s strategic goals and Saudi Arabia’s
Vision 2030. In 2024, the expansion of our non-employee Learning and development World Economic Forum Frontline
workforce
programs led to 729,091 applications – an increase of 49%
innovations through technology Talent of the Future Initiative
from the previous year. This growth reflects the success of
targeted outreach campaigns and technical enhancements Aramco was nominated by the WEF and was
and gamification
From new recruits to senior leadership, we provide tailored
to streamline the application process, making it more subsequently selected to participate in a pilot program
development programs to equip employees with the skills
In 2024, HR made significant advancements in digital
accessible to Saudi youth. titled Frontline Talent of the Future Initiative. The
needed to excel in their roles, building the capacity and
upskilling by launching the myLearning platform
initiative aims to recognize companies who are leaders
resilience of our workforce to meet the evolving demands These programs are designed to equip participants with the
with AI capabilities. This included personalized course
in developing and retaining their frontline talent,
of our business. skills needed for academic and professional success. Key
recommendations, simulations, and AI-powered
codifying learnings from these world-class
initiatives include the Apprenticeship Program for Non-
searches, resulting in over 5.9 million platform hits
In 2024, Aramco strengthened its professional development manufacturers about the talent innovations and
Employees which provides academic and job skills training,
and 1,155,847 course completions. The gamification
offerings, introducing five new programs in its Executive transformations that enabled them to achieve
the Vocational College Graduate for Non-Employee program
of learning, including VR/AR content, saw high
Programs catalog in collaboration with institutions such as world-class performance.
which bridges technical skill gaps for specialized roles, and
satisfaction rates and helped enhance engagement
Oxford, HEC Paris, and ILR School Cornell. These initiatives
the College Preparatory Program which prepares students in corporate training on crucial topics like information The nomination and subsequent selection were
align with corporate strategic goals and enhance leadership
for admission to top universities. The numbers of hired security and safety. a direct result of Yanbu Refinery’s 2023 recognition
development, with 1,355 seats offered in 2024.
graduates and new intake of apprentices varied year-on- in the Global Lighthouse Network, a community
We continue to prioritize academic and job-related training year according to the business needs and candidate pools. of 189 industry leaders pioneering the use of cutting-
and development through programs like the Executive edge 4IR technologies in manufacturing. Yanbu
Through these efforts, Aramco continues to nurture future
Speakers Series, Specialized Programs, Advanced Degree Refinery is the fourth Aramco facility to be included,
talent and drive educational and economic opportunities for
Programs, and the Hosted University Programs (HUP), joining the Company’s Abqaiq oil processing and
Saudi youth.
bringing world-class educational opportunities to Saudi Arabia. stabilization facility, Uthmaniyah gas plant, and
Khurais Oil Complex.
More than 1,000 employees have graduated from HUP since
its inception in 2011, through 40 different programs, from
Link to strategic enablers: Link to strategic enablers:
20 various universities, in a broad range of disciplines,
Number of hired graduates
including business, engineering, and digital fields, partnering
People Technology People Technology
with top international universities such as IE University,
Imperial College London, and INSEAD. Evolved from modest 2024 1,124
beginnings, HUP has become one of the flagship learning
2023 1,665
pathways, creating a cost-effective model to pursue higher
education degrees while remaining active on the job. 2022 1,459
Internship opportunities
Number of interns
The total number of hours spent on training and development We offer a range of internship programs designed to
in 2024 reached 13.8 million hours, an increase from provide valuable work experience and professional
Number of apprentices
nine million the previous year. This growth reflects the development opportunities, while providing Aramco with 2024 3,222
(new intake)
Company’s efforts towards enhancing workforce capabilities the opportunity to establish a pool of qualified and top
2023 3,201
and investing in employee development. The average talents as candidates for future hiring.
2024 1,986
number of training hours per employee has also increased,
2022 3,190
The Graduate Internship Program supports a limited
contributed by the introduction of various digital upskilling 2023 2,200
number of graduates from Saudi and international
courses Company-wide as well as new training programs
2022 1,728 universities, with KAUST currently participating. The
in our corporate academies.
University Internship Program offers college and university
students the chance to gain practical experience while
fulfilling their graduation requirements. In 2024, Aramco
Total hours of training and development
hosted a total of 3,222 trainee students from various
(million hours)
universities and colleges which is marked as a higher intake
2024 13.8 for the internship program with 47% female representation.
The Vocational College Internship Program reached
2023 9
a milestone in 2024, hosting 787 interns – the highest in its
2022 Not available
history. Female participation in the program rose to 36%,
reflecting Aramco’s support for Vision 2030 and its focus
on increasing E&I. The program also saw a growing
Average number of training hours per employee
representation of PwD, contributing to a more inclusive
(hours)
and dynamic work environment.
2024 140
2023 95
2022 Not available
70 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 71

--- Page 38 ---
Labor practices continued
Workforce well-being and engagement
Sustainability in action
Investing in contractor well-being Link to strategic themes: Link to strategic enablers:
Localization and
Employee well-being Nine dimensions of Aramco’s Well-Being Program The contractor workforce is of utmost importance to
the promotion of People
Aramco. Across the Kingdom, there are more than 400
Aramco’s Work-Life Support Program enhances employee National Champions
Aramco contractor camps, housing more than 200,000
well-being with 24/7 access to clinical counsellors,
Physical Emotional Social
contractors supporting Company operations. Contractors’ Technology
mindfulness, life coaching, and a digital behavioral health
well-being is of paramount relevance to their performance
platform. We promote financial literacy through courses and
and covers physical, mental, and social health.
on-site advisors while offering childcare, fitness facilities,
in Arabic, Bengali, Chinese, English, Hindi, Tagalog, and
and personalized nutrition coaching. Services are designed
The Aramco Contractor Well-Being Program has been Urdu languages including access to a toll-free call center,
to be inclusive and accessible, supporting employees with Spiritual Intellectual Occupational
designed to enhance contractor well-being within video counselling, training, and online resources. These
disabilities and fostering a balanced, supportive workplace.
worksites, camps, and communal living facilities, ensuring services are backed up by compliance requirements.
their health and appropriate living conditions.
The Contractor Well-Being Program has been externally
Contractors are given access to channels to raise benchmarked, and Aramco was identified as a leader
Environmental Financial Digital
Sustainability in action concerns and receive emotional support as necessary. in the field of contractor well-being, based on eight
This is delivered through a range of services offered well-being elements:
Creating a vibrant employee
In 2024, Aramco launched the Well-Being Program, focusing
community on nine dimensions, including physical, emotional, and
Community/Environmental Physical
financial health. Highlights included the World Mental Health
For more than 40 years, Aramco has supported
Day event, which engaged employees globally, underscoring Contribute to society, Physical activity, nutrition, sleep,
thousands of expatriate employees and families
the Company’s dedication to well-being. community, and environment and healthcare access
relocating to Saudi Arabia, offering family-focused
housing services to help employees settle through Aramco’s Contractor Well-Being Program
a smooth transition. In 2024, we continued to enhance Inclusive/Belonging Emotional
Aramco supports the well-being of its entire workforce, Elements of
employee well-being through transformative initiatives.
including contractors1. The Contractor Well-Being Program Purpose, positive values, Positive emotions, feeling
Aramco’s
includes free well-being training, well-being educational and sense of community secure to be best self at work
More than 2,600 accommodation and 153 key facilities
material, and multilingual services such as a 24/7 Well-Being Contractor
have been modernized and 18 new facilities and
Call Center, video counselling, and online resources.
age-specific recreation zones added, expanding green Well-Being
spaces and maintaining over 1.6 million m2 of parks Our Supplier Performance Evaluation was amended Intellectual Social
Program
and green areas.
to include requirements for the implementation of the Gain new skills and provide Social engagement, ways of
Contractor Well-Being Program and the registration training opportunities working, and positive relations
Aramco has introduced new sports facilities and
of contractors in the contractor passport solutions system,
wellness programs including gyms, fitness classes,
which allows for the tracking of salary status, and the
and major events including the 37-category Aramco
Financial Occupational
validity of residence permits. As at the end of 2024, we have
Championships. Dining services have 46 new
enrolled over 100,000 contractors in the contractor passport Financial security, ability to plan, Job security, work-life balance, and
concessions, international restaurants, and more
solutions system. and manage own finances healthier working environment
than 300 pop-up food trucks.
Aramco is also piloting AI-driven voice recognition
Community engagement has included seasonal
technology to identify and support mental health cases
activities, Saudi heritage programs, and international
early among contractors.
celebrations, with more than 100 self-directed groups
Examples of activities and initiatives performed supporting these elements:
supporting hobbies and skills from chess to public
speaking. These initiatives underscore Aramco’s
1. P hysical well-being: Implementing health programs 5. Financial well-being: Supporting financial security
efforts in creating vibrant communities and enhancing
covering weight management, health screening, through timely payments of salaries and providing
employees’ quality of life.
and smoking cessation, as well as promoting financial advice through 24/7 call center.
healthy eating and exercise.
6. Intellectual well-being: Providing access to
Link to strategic enabler:
2. E motional well-being: Conducting mental health resources, workshops, online libraries, training,
awareness events, providing emotional support and skill development.
People
though various channels including onsite
engagements, 24/7 tele-counselling, and virtual 7. Inclusive/Belonging: Conducting engagements
sessions with psychiatrists. and awareness events, offering support and
communications in multiple languages, and
3. Social well-being: Fostering connections and providing diverse food choices and quiet rooms.
strengthening relationships through activities,
gatherings, competitions, and self-interest clubs. 8. Community/Environmental: Promoting community
connection and volunteering opportunities,
4. O ccupational well-being: Organizing well-being and providing access to sound and healthy
related engagements and team building, accommodation.
implementing well-being policies, promoting
healthier work conditions, and providing access
to on-site medical clinic.
1. The scope of Aramco’s Contractor Well-Being Program excludes contractor
employees, who are covered under Aramco’s Work-Life Support Program and
Well-Being Program for employees.
72 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 73

--- Page 39 ---
Labor practices continued
Employee experience The improvements in both the rating and response rate
are attributed to the actions taken by organizations
At Aramco, we value employee engagement. To enhance
across the Company in response to the 2022 survey results.
the workplace experience for our people, we have
This includes the continued support and communication
established multiple communication avenues. These include
by the executive management, the leadership enablement
town hall meetings, engagement surveys, recognition
campaign through which the Leadership Toolkits focus on
events, the intranet, and periodic performance reviews. Spotlight on Young Leaders Advisory Board
four areas: Enable, Care, Recognize, and Develop are made
Based on the feedback received through the bi-annual available to all leaders, the establishment of the Employee
Empowering the young generation to new heights
Employee Experience Survey conducted in 2022, we Experience Champion Network comprising 500 champions
identified four areas with improvement opportunities across the Company, as well as “Your Voice Matters” Established in 2011, the YLAB has set out on a journey Engaging with our youth in industrial areas: Focusing on
related to smarter ways of working, employee skills campaign. to empower, engage, and inspire the youth in Aramco youth in industrial areas is one of YLAB strategic priorities
development, employee well-being, and recognition. while amplifying their collective voice. given that more than 67% of all young employees work
The survey result provided insights into Aramco’s global
We have made positive changes through enhanced HR in these areas. Efforts to engage with young industrial
workforce, representing a step forward in elevating YLAB is empowered to provide input on matters of
policies, improved processes, and new programs workers are focused on facilitating dialogue between
employee experience. As the organization interprets and strategic importance such as E&I, sustainability,
addressing these areas. young employees and their management, bridging the
acts on these insights, it aims to cascade results to each well-being, digital transformation, and more. Currently
gap in both knowledge and experience, and capturing
Prior to the 2024 Employee Experience Survey, we ran business and service line, enabling targeted decisions and running its ninth cohort, YLAB’s 16 members hail from
their insights on relevant challenges.
a pre-survey communications campaign called “Your Voice actions to boost employee experience and satisfaction. all across the Company and are diverse in background,
Matters”, highlighting 30 Company-wide actions that have experience, age, gender, and nationality, allowing Learning from global leaders: YLAB hosts influential
In 2024, we saw an increase in the overall attrition rate
been implemented to address pain points identified in the young employees from all over the Company to have industry leaders, providing a platform for Aramco’s
mainly due to the higher rate of involuntary attrition
2022 survey. This initiative demonstrated to employees that adequate representation. young employees to learn from their first-hand advice,
following a workforce optimization exercise carried out
their voice matters and encouraged increased participation experiences, and insights. Notable sessions conducted
during the year, despite a decrease in voluntary separation In 2024, YLAB continued to promote initiatives to support
in the forthcoming survey. in the past included the CEOs of companies such as
from resignations and early retirements. Aramco’s nearly 45,000 young professionals. The team
JP Morgan, Accenture, and Lazard to name a few.
In 2024, our Corporate Employee Experience Survey was engaged with more than 15,600 young employees,
held and the survey recorded a rating of 88%, representing conducted four deep dive studies, and provided Encouraging innovation through Youth Initiated Studies:
the highest rating since we began conducting these surveys over 20 advisory services, delivering actionable YLAB supports and guides the youth to innovate and
in 2018, an increase of three points since 2022. Notably, recommendations to address youth-related priorities. propose solutions to corporate challenges. Since the start
there was a 7% increase in response rate from 2022. of this initiative in 2018, more than 200 youth-initiated
The Youth Pulse Survey is conducted to capture insights
ideas were submitted, some of which have led to patents
and understand youth needs. Additionally, YLAB assisted
being filed. In 2024, YLAB received 53 submissions, the
four external organizations in establishing their
highest since the launch of Youth Initiated Studies.
Employees acknowledging performance review meetings Employee experience index rating1 own youth engagement bodies, further extending
(%) (%) its impact beyond the Company.
Link to strategic enabler:
2024 96.5 2024 88
People
2023 92.0 2023 Metric not applicable2
2022 90.6 2022 85
Metric 2024 2023 2022
Attrition rate (%) 2.8 2.2 2.4
Employee turnover rate by gender* (%)
Male 2.8 2.2 2.4
Female 2.9 2.7 4.2
* Metric reported for the first time externally.
1. Previously employee engagement score (%).
2. The Employee Experience Survey is performed every two years. None was conducted in 2023.
74 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 75

--- Page 40 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Climate Safe
change and operations
the energy and people
transition development
How we
work
G e
overnanc
Growing Minimizing
societal environmental
value impact
Minimizing
environmental
impact
Biodiversity and ecosystem services ................................................ 80
Local environmental impact ............................................................. 84
Water management .......................................................................... 86
Product stewardship and waste management ............................... 90
The caracal is a medium-sized wild cat that looks rather like a
slimmer version of its relative, the lynx. Caracals are very rare in the
Arabian Peninsula, being threatened by habitat loss and hunting.
A female caracal with two growing kittens was filmed at Aramco’s
Abha BPA in 2024, indicating that the safe haven of the reserve
is making a demonstrable contribution to its conservation in
the region.
76 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 77

--- Page 41 ---
Minimizing environmental impact
Performance of our key metrics
Minimizing environmental impact
Our view
Material issue Relevant metrics 2024 2023 Status
We strive to manage the impact of our operations on the natural
Biodiversity and Net positive impact 91.0 85.6 The net positive impact rose by 5.4 p.p. compared to 2023,
environment, contributing to the conservation of valuable resources for ecosystem (biodiversity and ecosystem mainly due to the expansion of our BPAs portfolio.
future generations. services) (%)
services
See page 80
Local SOx emissions 145.3 146 In 2024, we achieved a 0.5% reduction in sulfur oxides
environmental (metric kilotons) emissions due to continued improvements in sulfur recovery,
operational efficiency, and the availability of SRUs.
Our ambition impact
See page 84 Number of hydrocarbon 7 12 In 2024, the number of hydrocarbon spills decreased by
spills 41.7%, and the volume of these spills was significantly
We aspire to have a net positive impact on natural habitats and
reduced by 99.6%. All spills were promptly contained,
shared resources. Volume of hydrocarbon 34 8,566 and thorough cleanup efforts were conducted to mitigate
spills (bbl) environmental impacts. This substantial decrease is primarily
attributed to the preventive maintenance and repair of our
Recovered hydrocarbon (%) 49 88 pipelines, along with improved procedures.
Water Freshwater consumption 83.0 89.9 In 2024, freshwater consumption was 83.0 million m3,
Our approach management (million m3) down 7.7% compared to 2023, due to the water conservation
efforts and by enhancing freshwater return back to the
See page 86 – Freshwater consumption 30.3 Breakdown environment from the ARLANXEO operations globally.
(water-stressed regions)* not
We aim to conserve natural resources and manage the impact of our
(million m3) disclosed
business activities by harnessing technology and embracing circular
previously
economy principles.
Freshwater withdrawal 97.2 135.7
We continue to expand our BPAs portfolio to safeguard wildlife and
(million m3)
their essential habitats. We are implementing a range of nature-based
solutions (NbS) that serve as carbon sinks and investing in companies Freshwater intensity 0.02 0.02
(m3/boe)
developing technologies to enhance these efforts.
We are working towards further reducing air emissions by enhancing Product Industrial waste recycled (%) 47.8 35.7 Our continued expansion in operations resulted in an
our systems and assets. Operating in an arid environment, we continue stewardship increase of the total disposed waste by approximately 6.5%.
Industrial waste disposed 512,980 481,561 As a result of applying circular economy principles and
to implement a water conservation program to improve efficiency and and waste
(metric tons) initiatives, the percentage of total industrial waste recycled
utilize groundwater alternatives whenever possible. We deploy management
increased by 12.1 p.p.
technologies to enhance dashboard monitoring of hydrocarbon See page 90
discharges to water, equipping frontline operators with tools to take
Full metric table on pages 125-126
corrective actions.
We are implementing circular economy principles by managing Our contribution to the UN SDGs
industrial waste and converting it into useful products through
innovative solutions. This includes diverting spent sulfur recovery Given water scarcity in Saudi Arabia, Aramco has a large Aramco has systems in place to manage all discharged water
seawater treatment and injection network of facilities. to the sea, meeting government requirements by investing
catalysts to other industrial facilities for reuse, whenever feasible.
Seawater is used as the primary source of water for oil in maintenance and monitoring systems while proactively
production and to provide clean water for its workforce managing operations to avoid hydrocarbon leaks and spills
and local communities. by maintaining asset integrity throughout the lifecycle.
Embracing circular economy principles and business models Aramco aims to deliver biodiversity net gain in support of
across our operations and activities. This is supported by Vision 2030, SDG15 (e.g., 15.1 (conserve ecosystems) and
a circular economy guidebook and circularity maturity 15.3 (end desertification and restore degraded land)), and
assessment to guide organizations across the Company in their the Saudi Green Initiative.
circularity journey. Aramco has been implementing circular
economy initiatives across various value chains by adopting Partnering with organizations, such as Ipieca and WEF, to help
circular business models that aim to optimize resource promote good industry practice and better environmental
utilization and reduce environmental impact. For more performance. We are also working closely with our suppliers
information, please refer to Aramco’s Circular Economy and creating incentives to reward them for improvements
section on our website. in their environmental performance.
* Metric reported for the first time externally.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
78 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 79

--- Page 42 ---
Biodiversity and ecosystem services
Our biodiversity mitigation hierarchy
Biodiversity and
Governance framework for biodiversity
ecosystem services
Avoid Minimize Restore Offset
We avoid operating We minimize We restore We offset what we
in high-quality our impact degraded cannot avoid,
Biodiversity Net positive impact (biodiversity and ecosystem services)
habitats habitats minimize, or
(%)
restore
For over nine decades, we have been operating across the
diverse landscapes of Saudi Arabia, including vast deserts, 2024 91.0
mountains, coastal regions, and marine ecosystems.
2023 85.6
Through our affiliates and JVs, we have industrial facilities
across the globe. We strive to promote biodiversity 2022 53.0 Our policy is to In 2024, we designated In 2024, Aramco Whenever we intend
avoid operating in additional BPAs, now supported restoration to offset our impact,
conservation across our operations. Additionally, we
designated UNESCO totaling 28 areas projects and planted we ensure that
endeavor to apply circular economy principles across our
business to reduce the impact of our operations. In 2024, we created maps detailing the botanical species World Heritage sites covering approximately 185,000 native trees offsets, such as those
range and desertification risk maps for Saudi Arabia. The and we aim to ensure 1,900 km2. Across all within the Kingdom. from reforestation
As countries and businesses develop, our planet’s biodiversity
Botanical Range Map was developed in collaboration with our operations result designated BPAs, we projects, are assessed
has declined, undermining critical ecosystem service benefits,
KAUST. This map highlights the locations of 266 plant species in no net loss of identified 844 total and validated by
and threatening people’s livelihoods and well-being.
of high conservation priority. The map plots and depicts biodiversity and species of plants and a credible third-party.
In 2022, during the UN Biodiversity Conference (COP 15), their known distributions from multiple sources, thus ecosystem services in animals (386 plants,
196 countries, including Saudi Arabia, signed the Kunming- highlighting priority areas for protection, and will be added national parks and 300 birds, 46 mammals,
Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework (GBF). This to our existing Biodiversity Heat Map. The sensitivity index Key Biodiversity Areas. 32 reptiles, 80
framework sets action-oriented global targets to reduce for desertification represents regions by extent of desertification. invertebrates).
threats to biodiversity by 2030. Having a better understanding of this allows us to more
appropriately focus our restoration efforts and better
Aramco’s biodiversity policy is guided by the ambition
understand which of our high biodiversity regions might
to become net positive through the application of our
be impacted due to the consequences of desertification.
biodiversity mitigation hierarchy. Therefore, we aim to
protect biodiversity in the areas where we operate and Aramco’s Biodiversity Protection Areas
undertake restoration initiatives to revitalize sensitive
ecosystems, benefiting the surrounding communities and
the planet at large.
Tanajib Harqus
BPA island
Some of our operations are near or partially located in
Saffaniyah Coast Tanajib Coastal
areas with high biodiversity value. While this may impact Area 1 Area WL We map and monitor to understand the biodiversity around us
Saffaniyah Coast Manifa Wetland
the natural ecosystem, we have implemented conservation Area 3 We employed a multi-faceted approach to assess and monitor biodiversity, encompassing remote sensing, detailed
Manifa BPA Jana Island
programs to protect and nurture biodiversity, fostering
Fadhili Wetland Abu Ali Island BPA mapping, and strategic prioritization. This involved rapid biodiversity surveys to identify and characterize natural
Al Hamra Mudflats Wetland
thriving environments. Al Aba Oasis (NE) Rahima Bay Mangrove Eco-park wetlands, including inland, coastal, and island ecosystems, within the Arabian Gulf and Red Sea regions. These
Al Aba Oasis (SW) Lake Graner
activities are integral to our Natural Wetland Strategy, which is designed to protect and restore these critical habitats,
Lake Lanhardt
Net positive impact Qatif Wetland Baga Bird Oasis thereby promoting biodiversity recovery and strengthening essential ecosystem services.
Abqaiq Wetlands Asfar BPA
We are striving to achieve positive impacts for biodiversity Khurais BPA Udhailiyah BPA
by 2030 in line with the GBF.
This is realized when the biodiversity gains from our
We conduct applied research
conservation programs exceed the impact of our operations.
Aramco engages in collaborative applied research projects with leading local universities in the Arabian Gulf,
We calculate net positive impact (NPI) by comparing the
including King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals (KFUPM), and in the Red Sea, in partnership with KAUST.
surface area of our BPAs against the space occupied by
Qassim BPA Our main goal is to advance our knowledge of the ecosystems in which we operate. In 2024, we published nine
our operational assets.
peer-reviewed biodiversity-related articles covering a range of topics such as coral bleaching, reef cryptobiome and
Madinah BPA
In 2024, we met our interim NPI target set in 2023, benthic biodiversity, phytoplankton, sharks ecology, sea turtles nesting habitats, and the Arabian leopard.
Riyadh BPA
progressing towards our 2025 goal of 95.0%. We also
doubled our BPAs from 14 to 28, covering a total area of
Shaybah Wildlife
approximately 1,900 km2, achieving an overall NPI score of Sanctuary
Bahrah BPA
91.0% . New BPAs include Jana Island in the Arabian Gulf
and Asfar Lake in Al Hasa National Park, along with We invest in biodiversity education and awareness
12 others that encompass 20 wetlands with multiple
Abha BPA Aramco hosts a Sea Turtle Rescue Center near our Ras Tanura terminal that saves, treats, and releases
lagoons and lakes.
sea turtles back into the wild, and educates the local community.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
80 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 81

--- Page 43 ---
Biodiversity and ecosystem services continued
Habitat restoration and protection In 2024, Aramco Asia Japan (AAJ) engaged with the local A comprehensive assessment of numerous wetlands on Outcrop preservation initiative
community to enhance their understanding of coral biology Aramco land was conducted in 2023. As a result, in 2024,
Aramco is supporting the restoration and protection Aramco has identified 408 geological outcrops across
and ways to mitigate coral bleaching. 20 of these wetlands were officially designated as BPAs,
of the habitat of native animals in the south-western the Kingdom that hold scientific, educational, historical,
covering 130.9 km². These include Lake Lanhardt, located
highlands in Saudi Arabia’s Asir region, recognized as one ecological, and touristic value. Aramco supports the
The Saudi Aramco-KAUST Marine Environment Observations
within the Company’s Dhahran camp, which has recorded
of the globally-known biodiversity hotspots, rising above protection of 139 of these sites by installing information
Center (SAKMEO) is leading marine ecosystem research
230 bird species, including globally threatened species, and
3,000 meters. The 31 km2 Abha BPA safeguarded by and warning signs, and placing a protective fence around
efforts in the Saudi Arabian Red Sea region. The focus of this
Asfar Lake, recognized internationally as both an Important
Aramco, offers a promising habitat for the reintroduction the most endangered outcrops. Additionally, Aramco has
initiative is on studying the coastal and offshore areas of the
Bird and Biodiversity Area (IBA) and a Key Biodiversity Area
of the Nubian ibex, native to the region. The Abha BPA applied to protect another 234 significant outcrops located
Red Sea, with a particular emphasis on addressing key
(KBA), and a potential candidate for government-protected
is rich in plant diversity, including 138 species (e.g., Acacia outside its operational areas and has requested the Saudi
challenges such as marine protection, coral reef monitoring,
areas, with 180 species of birds and mammals recorded.
species, Desert rose). This year we produced a documentary Government to include them in the UNESCO Global
and conducting baseline environmental studies. Utilizing
This designation marks a step towards restoring their
film about Abha and the species that can be found there. Geoparks Program.
advanced modeling and forecasting systems, SAKMEO has
ecological integrity, mitigating existing and potential threats
The area provides a habitat for 25 mammal species,
successfully developed predictive models to understand the
to biodiversity, and establishing a program for ongoing
including key species such as the Arabian wolf, Striped
potential impact of oil incidents on the marine environment
ecological monitoring of wetlands’ health.
hyena, Red fox, Blanford’s fox, Arabian caracal, Hamadryas
and take proactive measures to mitigate any adverse effects.
baboons, King jird, Honey badger, Cape hare, Indian
One of the recent accomplishments includes the publication
crested porcupine, and Anderson’s Rock Agama.
of a comprehensive booklet summarizing a decade of
Field surveys have confirmed the presence of 66 bird species, Sustainability in action
marine research in the Red Sea, along with several scientific
including regional endemic species like Philby’s partridge,
publications on coral reef monitoring, including studies on
Arabian sunbird, and Palestine sunbird. coral bleaching response, reef cryptobiome diversity, and Supporting the Saudi Green Initiative
the functional diversity of reef fishes.
The Shaybah Wildlife Sanctuary achieved multiple Aramco supports research in the Kingdom to combat Additionally, Aramco plans to increase the use of treated
milestones in 2024, particularly in wildlife re-introduction Abu Ali Fish Hatchery desertification and promote land restoration. In sewage effluent in its community areas from 25% to 45%
and management. We are contributing to national rewilding partnership with KAUST’s spinoff company Terraxy, and reduce dependence on groundwater from 75% to
The Abu Ali Fish Hatchery reflects Aramco’s focus on NbS.
efforts of the Arabian oryx, as their population exceeded Aramco has explored optimal methods for planting 30% by 2028.
Located at Abu Ali Island, this facility aims to promote
340 this year. Additionally, 45 Sand gazelles were native trees as part of the Saudi Green Initiative. Field
a positive net gain in biodiversity and enhance ecosystem Aramco is also collaborating with the National Center
successfully released, bringing the wild population to 169. trials have been conducted at six different Aramco
integrity. It acknowledges the vital interconnection between for Vegetation Cover Development & Combating
facilities between 2021 and 2024 with the successful
The breeding program for the Red-necked ostrich allowed aquaculture and fisheries as essential components of the Desertification (NCVC) in Saudi Arabia. The project aims
planting of over 500 native trees in Khurais and other
for the sanctuary population to reach 50 birds, while the integrated coastal area system. The facility will operate to plant 500,000 trees and 500 million seeds by 2035,
locations.
wild population increased to five. Operational efforts in using a fully Recirculating Aquaculture System (RAS) capable supporting both the Kingdom’s and the Company’s
2024 included extensive animal care, such as chick hatching of simultaneously producing up to four native species until The first technology deployed was hydrophobic sand – GHG emissions mitigation ambitions. To date, we have
and veterinary care for ostriches, Houbara bustards, they reach the juvenile stage. These fish juveniles will be a water-repellent mulch that reduces water evaporation successfully planted over 90 million seeds.
and oryxes. Genetic sampling of ostriches and oryx was released into the Arabian Gulf, guided by ecological studies from wet soil and improves irrigation efficiency. Research
conducted in collaboration with the King Salman Royal to contribute to optimal outcomes, such as increased found that hydrophobic sand decreases water evaporation
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
Reserve, and five GPS collars were deployed on Sand survivability and enhancement of biodiversity. In alignment from the soil by 50% to 80% compared to bare soil or
Localization and
gazelles for tracking. The sanctuary hosted 82 organized with national sustainability goals, the facility will be handed common sand. The second solution involved an advanced
the promotion of Technology
delegation visits, highlighting efforts to raise public over to the Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture form of biochar made from date palm biomass waste, National Champions
awareness on biodiversity. (MEWA) by Q4 2025. which enhances fertilizer-use efficiency, improves soil
health, and sequesters carbon dioxide. The combination
Wetlands initiatives
of these two technologies increases soil nutrient content,
Nature-based solutions
Aramco pursues efforts to conserving natural wetlands,
conserves water, and improves vegetation.
including lakes, intertidal mudflats, coastal lagoons,
Aramco invests in NbS, which serve as carbon sinks and
reedbeds, and coral islands, as well as various other
offer additional benefits. NbS, such as mangroves, provide
ecosystem types1. Wetlands are often considered as Plant growth comparison at the Khurais tree plantation
habitats for diverse wildlife species, nurseries for juvenile
biodiversity hotspots (regions with high levels of plant
marine life, and a crucial natural defense against natural
endemism that have experienced habitat loss), especially
disasters, including shoreline erosion and storms.
in arid regions, yet they face significant threats, with 64% 2022 2024
Coral reefs to 71% lost globally since 19002. They exhibit some of the
steepest declines in biodiversity, with freshwater species
Coral reefs form essential marine ecosystems that support
suffering population reductions of as much as 85%3.
a diverse range of organisms in otherwise nutrient-poor
Wetlands provide a vast array of ecosystem service benefits,
environments. Healthy coral reefs offer enhanced ecosystem
including water quality improvement, flood control,
service benefits, including habitat provision, coastal
coastline protection, fisheries support, and eco-tourism4.
protection, source of food and income, and medicinal
resources. The designation of BPA with a notable presence
of coral along the shores of Jana Island aids in the
conservation of coral reef ecosystems. Additionally, the
Company’s support of the Okinawa Coral Reef Conservation
Consortium in Japan has been ongoing since 2011.
1. The Convention on Wetlands, 2025.
2. Marine and Freshwater Research, 2014.
3. WWF, 2024.
4. International Journal of Biodiversity Science, Ecosystem Services & Management, 2015.
82 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 83

--- Page 44 ---
Biodiversity and ecosystem services continued
Local environmental impact
Local environmental impact Sustainability in action
Motiva’s autonomous drone pilot program
Aramco’s wholly-owned subsidiary in the USA, Motiva, At the conclusion of the pilot in June 2025, the project
has initiated a six-month pilot program of an Unmanned team will present their findings to PAMC Site Leadership
Aerial Vehicle (UAV), or drone, to assist with inspections Team for a final decision on implementation. Embracing
at height at the Port Arthur Manufacturing Complex technologies like this, which are aimed at enhancing our
(PAMC), Texas. The Percepto drone is an advanced inspection capabilities, contributes to a safer and more
Since 2012, our operations have been guided by Aramco’s Nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions from our operations
autonomous drone and the only “drone-in-a-box” sustainable future. Motiva’s autonomous drone pilot
EMS, which provides a systematic and structured approach primarily result from the combustion of hydrocarbon fuels
solution equipped with optical gas imaging (OGI). This program complies with FAA regulations, and PAMC is in
to ensure compliance with local environmental regulations, used for generating electric power and heating in our
technology represents a step forward in digitalization constant coordination and communication with nearby
and promotes the adoption of international best practices. facilities. We plan to reduce these emissions by optimizing
and innovation at Motiva. The drone is expected to Jack Brooks Regional Airport.
In 2024, 95% of Upstream and Downstream asset-based our energy consumption and utilizing alternative fuels and
demonstrate its capabilities across various use cases, such
organizations under Aramco control achieved ISO 14001 renewable electric power.
as monitoring tanks and pipelines for emission detection,
certification. To oversee environmental management Link to strategic enabler:
Our corporate environmental standards, along with national detecting potential fence line security intrusions, and
performance, we conducted 22 EMS assessments on these
environmental regulatory standards, establish the limits on emergency responses. Technology
assets this year.
NOx emissions from our facilities. To ensure compliance with
Percepto drones utilize a dual-camera system featuring
In 2024, we conducted 134 environmental and health the Kingdom’s regulations, we have initiated upgrade projects
normal imaging capture and OGI capabilities. These
corporate assessments across various Company organizations, to install low and ultra-low NOx burners in our facilities.
cameras are certified by the EPA to detect VOCs and can
including five affiliates. These assessments covered a broad We also utilized partial nitrogen purging in the flare heads to
capture high-resolution images and videos of gas leaks
range of environmental protection disciplines including air reduce environmental impact at three gas compression plants
for emission detection and compliance purposes.
quality, water management, wastewater, solid industrial/ (GCP), that to date operate with a continuous flaring of 60% N
2
hazardous waste, environmental health, radiation and 30% gas mix instead of the usual 100% gas. The Percepto drone at PAMC is designed for autonomous,
protection, and industrial hygiene. scheduled flights. Beyond these routine, scheduled flights
We are working towards deploying volatile organic
the system allows for on-demand flights as requested
compounds (VOCs) control systems by installing vapor
Air emissions by Motiva, providing flexibility to respond to urgent
recovery systems in our bulk loading facilities to reduce
situations, such as emergency incidents.
VOCs associated emissions, across our Upstream and
Aramco monitors its air emissions and, where necessary,
Downstream assets.
implements measures to reduce their impact on our
workforce, local communities, and the environment. In addition, Aramco researchers have developed the double
Gasoline Particulate Filter (dGPF) technology to reduce
Aramco produces five grades of crude oil: Arabian Heavy, emissions from the end use of fuels. This technology is In 2024, the number and volume of hydrocarbon spills fell
Spills to the environment
Arabian Medium, Arabian Light, Arabian Extra Light, and currently being demonstrated on a vehicle in collaboration significantly (a 41.7% fall in number of hydrocarbon spills,
Arabian Super Light, each with varying sulfur contents. with a European automaker. Following successful laboratory and a 99.6% decline in volume of hydrocarbon spills
Aramco operates across a vast expanse with many sites in
Addressing sulfur content of our crude has been a main focus, results, road tests on various city roads in Paris have shown compared to 2023).
remote areas. This presents challenges in detecting spills
both in crude oil pretreatment and during combustion.
the potential to lower particulate number (PN) emissions,
onshore and offshore, as well as in responding promptly While we aspire for zero oil spills, we regrettably had seven
a regulated pollutant, to below ambient levels at the tailpipe.
Our initiative to upgrade the SRUs with tail gas treatment units to spill incidents. oil spills, which led to a volume of 34 A barrels being spilled.
continued in 2024 as we examine opportunities to generate Of these spills, 42.8% occurred offshore. All spills were
To progress towards the target of zero spills, we aim to
revenue from sulfur. We are leveraging tail gas treatment units promptly contained by the response team, and the affected
mitigate geographic challenges by implementing rigorous
to support our compliance with applicable SOx regulations, sites were rehabilitated to eliminate further environmental
Sustainability in action inspection programs to assess asset integrity, establishing
and more companies in the industry are adopting the impacts. Through our recovery efforts, we were able
fail-proof measures, providing comprehensive employee
technology. Our facilities are conducting a gas analysis of sulfur to recover 49%A of hydrocarbons. All accidental spills
Our efforts to manage air emissions training, and adopting advanced technologies for detecting
recovery, exploring corrosion challenges in SRU pits, and one applicable for recovery were fully recovered. However,
potential failures and responding to spills. We enhance our
of our gas plants has deployed machine learning to optimize In 2024, we improved the fuel efficiency of fired the reported recovered hydrocarbon figure also includes
oil spill prevention and mitigation activities by sharing best
temperature and flow of molten sulfur in the pipelines. heater operations by placing interlocking hexagonal hydrocarbon discharges to water from regular operations,
practices among various teams and regions within the
blocks after the burners to enhance the mixing of which are unrecoverable.
Aramco sulfur oxides (SOx) emissions were 145.3 metric organization and collaborating with universities on oil spill
combustion products. This innovative technology was
kilotons – a slight decrease compared to 2023 due to monitoring and mitigation technologies.
installed in the SRUs’ thermal oxidizers at Shedgum
improved sulfur recovery.
gas plant. It resulted in a reduction of ~13.2% in fuel Aramco conducts regular oil spill drill procedures for its 2024 2023 2022
gas consumption, avoiding the use of 80.8 MMscf/year. hydrocarbon handling facilities and, in the event of any
Number of 7 12 15
Shedgum implemented a valve sealing methodology spills, we have response plans that enable rapid mitigation.
hydrocarbon spills
SOx emissions to prevent flaring of acid gas that could have resulted The Oil Spill Committee oversees the approval of
(metric kilotons) in ~18,020 tons of SOx emissions. Additionally, the appropriate policies, strategies, plans, and actions regarding Volume of 34 8,566 142,885 ,1
electrification of a steam methane recovery unit, oil spill prevention, containment, and clean-up for Aramco hydrocarbon spills
2024 145.3
transitioning to electric-powered equipment, increased and its subsidiaries. (barrels)
2023 146 energy efficiency and eliminated air pollutants.
Recovered 49 88 9 ,1
2022 167 hydrocarbon (%)
Link to strategic enabler:
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
Technology
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with of our website.
the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the 1. In 2022, the largest spill was due to an incident concerning a major loss of containment of crude that caught fire. Due to the combustion of the crude, the majority of it was
Sustainability section of our website. not recoverable, leading to a low hydrocarbon recovery rate for 2022.
84 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 85

--- Page 45 ---
Water management
In 2024, the volume of hydrocarbon discharge to water
Wastewater and
Water management was 11.6 barrels, which is 18.9% lower than in 2023.
Driven by the Corporate Digitalization Vision, the Company
discharges to water
continues to improve its monitoring capability of the volume
of hydrocarbon discharge to water (HC W) through a
Aramco generates large volumes of wastewater and 2
dedicated HC W dashboard. Aramco has revamped the
acknowledges the importance of responsibly managing 2
monitoring capabilities of the HC W dashboard through
and treating it before releasing it back into the environment. 2
the use of hydrocarbon in water online analyzers that
To manage the challenges of the Company’s ongoing
provide enhanced data collection. In addition, regular
expansion programs and comply with applicable
With many of its operations in a hyper-arid environment, We supported water circularity by expansion of treatment preventive maintenance has been performed on heat
environmental regulations, a comprehensive wastewater
Aramco has long recognized the value of water. and storage of water-based mud and brine for further exchangers utilizing cooling mediums, such as sea water.
effluent treatment and monitoring program has been
reutilization of fracking fluids. During 2024, zero liquid This has improved the integrity of the heat exchangers and
established. The program aims to protect both the
Aramco’s water conservation efforts involve supplementing
discharge (ZLD) technology has been deployed. The ZLD prevented hydrocarbon leaks due to corrosion.
water supply with alternative sources, implementing environment and public health, by adhering to Aramco’s
distillate was reused for fracturing operations, further
water-efficient practices, increasing wastewater reuse, wastewater compliance and engineering standards,
supporting water circularity. Notably, the ZLD technology
and decreasing water losses at operating facilities optimizing the design of wastewater facilities to enhance
has continued to receive global recognition, earning the Hydrocarbon discharge to water
and communities. treatment and management of generated wastewater,
“Special Meritorious Award for Engineering Innovation (barrels)
and maintaining a vigilant monitoring program for
For instance, this year, water initiatives at Haradh gas plant (MEAs)” in 2024 under the Water Management category.
wastewater discharge.
2024 11.6
led to a 18,000 m3 reduction in freshwater consumption.
In 2024, freshwater consumption was 83A million m3,
We also piloted a water leak detection and repair (WLDAR) The relevant national and international frameworks and
a reduction of 7.7% compared to the previous year’s 2023 14.3
digital solution at Khursaniyah gas plant. The solution standards inform how we deal with wastewater and
performance, due to Aramco’s water conservation efforts.
monitors and analyzes the entire water cycle in the plant discharges to water. This includes the Executive Regulations 2022 16.4
In order to enhance water conservation performance of the
to determine the severity and location of leaks as they occur. for the Protection of Aqueous Media from Pollution,
Company facilities, Aramco completed 16 water conservation
Additionally, we deployed AquaSight – an inhouse water amongst other Saudi Arabia Government Environmental
assessments in its upstream, downstream, and community
digital dashboard that offers advanced analytical capabilities Standards; and Ipieca’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on
facilities. Moreover, recognizing the value of water,
to manage and plan water consumption in unconventional Voluntary Sustainability Reporting – Discharges to Water.
especially given the harsh arid conditions we operate in,
gas drilling operations.
the majority of our freshwater consumption is sourced from In addition, a collaborative work of our upstream operations
regions that are not classified as water-stressed. and researchers led to the production of hydrogen from
wastewater in an evaporation pond through photocatalytic
reactions. This was piloted in the laboratory and a
demonstration plant has been constructed at Shedgum gas
plant. This patented technology marks the first instance
of utilizing wastewater to produce hydrogen.
Freshwater consumption
(million m3)
0.02
3
m /boe
2024 83.0
Freshwater intensity
2023 89.9
2022 93.6
2024 2023 2022
Freshwater consumption (million m3) 83.0 89.9 93.6
Freshwater consumption – water-stressed regions (million m3) 30.3 Breakdown not
disclosed previously
Freshwater withdrawal (million m3) 97.2 135.7 136.6
Freshwater intensity (m3/boe) 0.02 0.02 Metric not
previously
disclosed
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website. of our website.
86 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 87

--- Page 46 ---
Water management continued
Our efforts
Spotlight on water management at Aramco
Water conservation efforts at Upstream operations
From the Arabian Gulf to the depths of a reservoir
We recognize the vital importance of water conservation in our in-Kingdom operations and have established
Qurayyah seawater plant (QSWP) on the Arabian Gulf is one of the
a comprehensive framework built around two focus areas as part of the Company’s water neutrality aspiration.
largest operations of its kind in the world with an expansive network
First, we aim to reduce our reliance on groundwater sources by identifying alternative water supplies, optimizing well of facilities across the Company’s fields. It treats seawater and
design, and implementing managed aquifer recharge techniques. Secondly, we strive to optimize our water use by transports it to many fields for pressure maintenance, thereby
streamlining processes, upgrading equipment, and training personnel to promote a culture of water stewardship. preserving valuable groundwater and helping protect marine life. Its
annual maximum capacity for groundwater savings is equivalent to the
entire industrial sector’s annual groundwater demand in Saudi Arabia.
Focus areas
Reduce groundwater use Optimization and efficiency
1978 2.2 650+
QSWP establishment Million m3 per day Injection wells are
Pillars supplied by QSWP
To help achieve our goals, we have identified three core pillars that underpin our water conservation framework:
Reduce dependency Lower water unit cost Reduce water-related
Closed loop drilling
on groundwater CO emissions
Implement innovative solutions like
2 Sustained groundwater supply is the primary focus area for the Drilling
Utilize treated/desalinated membrane bioreactors, solar- Incorporate renewable energy
& Workover (D&WO) Organization. Among various water conservation
seawater, greywater reuse, and powered desalination, and smart and efficient practices.
initiatives implemented, closed loop drilling has led to reductions in
wastewater recycling. pumping systems.
water consumption. The adoption of practices and services such as
improved solids control, high-efficiency tank cleaning, completions
filtration system, and water storage tanks have reduced the use of
groundwater. In 2024, D&WO drilled 449 wells using closed loop
practices which reduced groundwater consumption by 4.4 million m3.
Enablers
We have identified five enabler categories that support our water conservation objectives:
4.4 449
Million m3 of water is reduced in 2024 Drilling wells using closed loop in 2024
System design modifications Advanced technologies Nature-based solutions
Optimize existing infrastructure and Leverage advanced technologies to Embracing nature-based approaches,
design new systems that reduce monitor, manage, and treat water such as wetland restoration and
Treated sewage effluent
water loss and enhance recovery. more effectively, reducing water green roofs, to harness the power of
In concerted efforts to preserve the Kingdom’s precious groundwater
This includes installing low-flow consumption. Tools include real-time ecosystem services and enhance
fixtures, promptly repairing leakages, monitoring platforms, machine biodiversity while conserving water. resources, Unconventional Resources (UR) has developed a two-phase
and using flow-restrictive devices learning algorithms, and precision These methods also provide benefits strategy to reduce environmental impact while ensuring operational
that can reduce non-essential water irrigation control systems. like improved air quality, noise
efficiency. This approach prioritizes the long-term sustainability
consumption. reduction, and habitat creation.
of our water resources. The short-term solution utilizes treated sewage
effluent (TSE), which underwent rigorous trial testing. TSE is now
sourced from the Al-Omran processing plant and efficiently transferred
to frac sites. A long-term solution using reverse osmosis (RO)
technology is considered to be implemented in the future.
Digitalization solutions Research and development
Harness digital innovations like Internet of Things (IoT) Collaborate with experts and invest in R&D initiatives to keep
sensors, predictive analytics, and smart monitoring systems up with emerging trends, identify potential solutions, and
to detect leaks, predict demand, and make informed continuously improve our water stewardship practices.
decisions about water allocation. Real-time insights enable Partnerships with academia, startups, and industry peers 4.1
swift action, preventing unnecessary waste, and enhancing facilitate knowledge sharing, accelerating innovation
operational responsiveness. and adoption of advanced technologies. Million m3 of groundwater is being conserved in 2024
88 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 89

--- Page 47 ---
Product stewardship and waste management
Industrial waste management
Product stewardship Sustainability in action
In 2024, Aramco made progress in reducing and diverting
ISCC PLUS certifications
landfilled waste by following the corporate waste
Yanbu NGL has achieved the ISCC PLUS assessment management strategy. This progress is maintained by
and waste management
with no major non-conformities. The ISCC is a globally conducting waste reduction assessments to identify
recognized certification system that verifies the opportunities to reduce industrial waste generation and
sustainability attributes of feedstocks, enhancing the enhance the implementation of more sustainable practices
credibility of our facility operations. Conducted over across our operations.
Aramco aims to implement circular economy principles In 2024 we have implemented over 300 circular economy
three days by Cotecna, the ISCC PLUS certificate was
across its operations to lower GHG emissions, reduce initiatives across various value chains, with the aim to Our continued expansion in operations resulted in an
awarded in 2024. This certification underscores
pollution and waste, enhance process efficiency, and improve circularity, operational efficiency, safety, economic increase of the total disposed waste by approximately 6.5%.
Aramco’s efforts towards more sustainable practices
provide innovative solutions for a more sustainable future. performance, and social impact. The initiatives include: As a result of applying circular economy principles and
and reinforces our contribution to the circular economy.
initiatives, the percentage of total industrial waste recycled
• Pipelines circularity program: Aramco Pipelines
Circularity in industrial
Aramco’s wholly-owned subsidiary, ARLANXEO, increased from 35.7%A to 47.8%A.
Organization launched a circular economy program
has embarked on a journey to have all of its assets
to enhance operational efficiency, safety, economic As part of the corporate waste strategy, we introduced
waste management certified for producing and selling products based
performance, and social impact. The program includes improvements in the focus areas of drilling and industrial
on ISCC PLUS. Meanwhile ARLANXEO has certified
circular practices such as material and water recycling, waste. These efforts led to the development of a Circular
products from a variety of plants across the globe,
To support transformative change, we introduced the selling unused pipes, 3D printing, and reusing drained oil. Economy and Waste Tracking Solution, the creation of
producing ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM)
Circular Economy (CE) Corporate Policy in 2024. This policy As a result, 21,000 tons of pipelines were effectively utilized. site-specific waste stream management plans, and
rubber, butyl rubber, chloroprene rubber, butadiene
emphasizes the Company’s dedication to the circular enhancements to the qualification process for local waste
• Asset lifecycle improvement: Aramco’s Upstream facilities
rubber, and EVM rubber. Initial sales for these
management of resources and defines Aramco’s circular management service providers. The strategy encompasses
have adopted 3D printing to produce in-house parts that
products have been established. In addition,
economy principles. Moreover, we established circular all Company organizations and establishes action plans for
act as seals, preventing foreign materials from entering
ARLANXEO has set a goal to prepare and maintain
economy mandates to guide and encourage the adoption each focus area, including industrial, municipal, drilling,
valve internals and improving valve reliability. The
product environmental footprint (PEF) calculations for
of circularity in our operations, in accordance with
and naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM).
Drilling and Workover circular economy efforts included
all of its products, which has been performed already
international standards, such as ISO 59004, ISO 59010,
16 initiatives, saving an estimated $816 million. The largest
for EPDM and nitrile rubber products. The PEF of a Furthermore, the Drilling and Workover Circularity Program
and ISO 59014.
initiative involved recycling and transferring 0.5 million m3
product, based on life cycle analyses, takes into has continued implementing its closed-loop initiative at
of drilling mud between rigs.
account all aspects for making the product from cradle 449 well sites, resulting in a 27.0% reduction in wastewater,
• Excess material reutilization: Aramco’s Corporate to gate and considers the sources of raw materials and equivalent to 0.6 million m3, for wells that adopted this
Material and
Maintenance Services Department has established the energy. As a result, ARLANXEO can offer EPDM initiative. We have also continued utilizing automatic crude
asset lifecycles
Excess Material Management System, which employs products (Keltan®) with widely varying environmental oil tank cleaning technologies to recover hydrocarbons from
various circular business models to optimize resource use footprints. Driven by sustainable innovation, oily sludge tank bottoms at our downstream operating
More sustainable
environmental Renewable and reduce waste. This system has led to the reutilization ARLANXEO developed Keltan® ECO-B, the world’s first facilities. Additionally, we piloted a hydraulic cavitation
practices resources of 500,000 tons of materials. commercial EPDM produced in Brazil from bio-based and shock technology at Shaybah Producing to recover
feedstock. The product offering is further completed hydrocarbons from oily waste. Tricanter technology, which
with Keltan® ECO-BC, produced in The Netherlands, separates waste into three phases (oil, water, and inert
Aramco
based on ISCC PLUS-certified feedstock. solids), was piloted at Khurais Producing, achieved 40% oil
recovery and 50% water recovery, and is planned to be
circular
Sustainability in action implemented for industrial waste management across other
Link to strategic enabler:
Circular
economy Waste into production sites. In collaboration with the cement industry,
supply
resources Turning waste into roads we circulated spent Claus (alumina) catalysts from our
chains Portfolio optimization
principles
upstream operating facilities, recycling 1,500 metric tons of
Aramco and SABIC have created an advanced
the catalyst into feedstock for cement production.
functionalized polyolefin using ground tire rubber
waste. This new material acts as a bitumen
compatibilizer for a new generation of quiet and
durable roads, incorporating up to 10-12% ground tire
Design
Innovative
2024 2023 2022
for circular rubber. This recycling technology not only upgrades
technologies and
economy digitalization tire and plastic waste, but also helps reduce Industrial waste recycled (%) 47.8 35.7 39.9
microplastic contamination in road dust. The roads
built with this material demonstrate long-term Industrial waste disposed1,2 (metric tons) 512,980 481,561 318,656
stability, resistance to rutting across a wide range
Industrial waste disposed – Upstream (metric tons) 320,287 253,044 Breakdown
of temperatures, and an extended lifespan, making
not disclosed
them suitable for harsh conditions. The technology
previously
has been validated by the Ministry of Transport
laboratories, with plans for heavy truck road Industrial waste disposed – Downstream (metric tons) 138,855 174,790 Breakdown
demonstrations in 2025. not disclosed
previously
Link to strategic enabler:
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
Technology
of our website.
1. The name of this metric was changed from industrial waste generated to industrial waste disposed in 2023. The definition of the metric remained the same.
2. Industrial waste disposed number includes operationally controlled affiliates and other waste streams not generated by Upstream and Downstream operations.
90 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 91

--- Page 48 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Climate Safe
change and operations
the energy and people
transition development
How we
work
G e
overnanc
Growing Minimizing
societal environmental
value impact
Growing
Growing
societal value
Economic contribution ...................................................................... 96
National content ................................................................................ 97
Human rights in the supply chain .................................................. 103
Community and society. .................................................................. 104
Aramco’s iExplore Biodiversity STEM program, running for over
a decade, partners with the Houston Museum of Natural Science
to offer immersive workshops and field trips for students. Focused
on biodiversity, it engages students through exhibits, hands-on
learning, and classroom resources, inspiring STEM interest and
environmental awareness.
92 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 93

--- Page 49 ---
Growing societal value
Performance of our key metrics
Growing societal value
Our view
Material issue Relevant metrics 2024 2023 Status
We seek to grow societal value wherever we operate. As good
National content Saudization of Aramco’s 90.2 90.3 Aramco continues to contribute to the Kingdom’s Saudization
corporate citizens, we strive to cultivate a favorable environment to workforce (%) program, whereby 90.2% of our employees are Saudi
See page 97
conduct business and contribute to the development of our communities. nationals. The Saudization of construction contracts reached
Saudization of construction 26.6 29.7 26.6% (versus 29.7% in 2023), impacted by various ongoing
contracts (%) projects within the Kingdom.
Saudization of service 55.6 56.2
contracts (%)
Our ambition
Cumulative iktva GDP 240.0 202.9 Aramco’s total procurement spending is estimated to have
contribution ($ billion) contributed $240.0 billion in GDP since iktva’s inception in
2015, when considering the direct and indirect supply chain
We aim to cultivate a highly-skilled and engaged workforce that has
contribution to the Kingdom’s economy. This result was
the capacity to innovate and excel. driven by an increase in in-Kingdom spending, growth
in local investments, and increased supplier contributions
To create resilient, local supply chains, we strive to facilitate a globally
across all other iktva components, such as: Saudi hiring
competitive business environment within Saudi Arabia and in other
and training, local R&D activities, and supplier development.
places wherever we operate. We strive to help our suppliers to be
Number of people on 15,400 15,099 The number of people in our sponsored community
informed by human rights principles.
Aramco sponsored programs programs increased by 1.9% compared to 2023,
Through supporting the Kingdom’s Vision 2030 and cultivating demonstrating our ongoing efforts in building capacity
a thriving and diversified economy, we nurture and support industrial and capabilities of local people in Saudi Arabia.
sectors in Saudi Arabia. Globally, we seek to support economic
Community Social investment ($ million) 5831 475 In 2024, we made social investments of $583 million1 in Saudi
growth where we operate, while contributing to the empowerment
and society Arabia and abroad. Aramco 2024 social spending increased
of local communities. by over 20% compared to 2023, representing the Company’s
See page 104
efforts to support local communities. This increase aligns
with Aramco’s expanded global operations and its ambition
to drive positive social impact on the local communities of
these markets. More details on some of these projects are
provided on page 104.
Our approach
Total number of volunteers2 21,192 7,037 Aramco fosters a volunteering and giving mindset among
both employees and community members across a range of
Total number of 223,785 171,633 programs and initiatives. The total number of volunteers and
We provide our workforce with skills and knowledge through our
volunteering hours2 total number of volunteer hours increased compared to 2023.
extensive training and development programs to overcome challenges
and advance innovation.
Full metric table on pages 127-128
By cultivating a competitive national energy sector in the Kingdom,
our iktva program helps boost supply chain resilience and helps Our contribution to the UN SDGs
foster a thriving local economy. Our goal is to localize 70% of our
Aramco has various social investment programs, which look Sustainable Industry: Aramco prioritizes a top-tier local
procurement spending.
to improve the health and well-being of our host communities supply chain for more sustainable energy solutions. Diverse
To support our respect to human rights, our vendors in the Kingdom around the world. Infrastructure: Aramco’s Kingdom-wide infrastructure
contributions span natural gas, roads, educational facilities,
have signed our Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC), which details
and cultural centers.
expectations and compliance. Our National Champions programs
are helping incubate and grow successful businesses, particularly Aramco promotes lifelong learning and development by Partnering with governments, suppliers, non-profit
in emerging fields, to diversify the Kingdom’s economy. building schools and establishing market-driven training organizations, and education institutions. During 2024,
centers for a skilled Saudi workforce. The Company also $583 million1 was invested in various social initiatives,
To help foster economic growth and prosperity, we contribute to the supports education efforts from science hackathons to supporting more than 100 non-profit organizations around
public finances of the countries where we operate. We support a broad biodiversity awareness programs in the countries where the world. More information on Aramco’s social investments
range of social and environmental initiatives and promote volunteerism we operate. can be found on page 104.
among our employees and communities.
Aramco is expanding its investments beyond traditional oil
and gas sectors to stimulate economic growth and create
employment opportunities. Aramco is venturing into lithium
production, essential for EV batteries, through a partnership
with Ma’aden. This initiative aims for commercial production
by 2027, aligning with global energy transition trends and
fostering job creation in new industries.
1. In 2024, the boundary for this metric has been expanded to operational control, as it now includes our overseas subsidiaries, like ARLANXEO and Motiva. Under the prior
year reporting boundary, the social investment would be $581 million.
2. In 2024, Aramco’s wholly-owned operated assets, SASREF, Motiva, ARLANXEO, and Aramco Trading Company (ATC), were included in the report which contributed to the
total number of volunteers and volunteering hours.
94 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 95

--- Page 50 ---
Economic contribution
National content
Economic contribution National content
Operating in over 50 countries and engaging across the Aramco possesses a longstanding tradition of fostering
entire value chain, Aramco strives to create value and foster Sustainability in action education and professional development for both Saudi Saudization: Building
positive economic impacts in every location we serve. In nationals and our international workforce. By investing in
Saudi Arabia, our cumulative iktva GDP contribution has Supporting R&D activities schools, providing comprehensive training opportunities,
reached $240.0 billion, reflecting our effort in contributing and supporting thousands in their undergraduate and local workforce and
to local economic growth. in Saudi Arabia postgraduate studies, we are developing a future-ready
workforce.
In 2024, Aramco’s global social spending increased by over Aramco signed a Memorandum of Understanding
supply chain
20%, compared to 2023, to $583 million1, reinforcing our (MoU) in 2024 with KAUST to provide up to Our efforts help equip Saudi men and women with the skills
ambition to support local communities and funding a broad $100 million over 10 years to support research that necessary to drive innovation and excellence within our
range of social and environmental initiatives worldwide. This focuses on environmental and commercial projects. Company and contribute to the broader development of
Aramco continues to develop local talent and strengthen
growth aligns with the expansion of our global operations The MoU aims to support collaborative projects the Kingdom.
national capacities in alignment with the Kingdom’s
and underscores our focus on driving meaningful social related to the energy transition, sustainability,
Saudization program. In 2024, Saudi nationals accounted
impact across the markets we serve. materials transition, upstream technologies, and
for 90.2% of our workforce, reflecting our dedication to
digital solutions, with ambitions on developing
Aramco contributes to the local economy in the countries empowering local citizens. Additionally, we continue
commercially-viable outcomes.
where we operate, transferring $204 billion to the Saudi and progressing the Saudization of service contracts, accounting
foreign governments in taxes, royalties, and other payments Research is expected to focus on areas such as for 55.6% of total contracts in 2024, with the rate for
in 2024. liquids-to-chemicals conversion, future refineries construction contracts at 26.6%.
research, and LCAF. The MoU’s priorities include
hydrogen, CCS, renewables, and energy storage
solutions, while additional projects are expected to
Saudization of Aramco’s workforce
focus on advanced carbon materials and geothermal
(%)
583 1.6 energy.
$ million $ billion
2024 90.2
Social investments R&D spend
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
(2023: $475 million)1 (2023: $1.4 billion)2 2023 90.3
Localization and
the promotion of Technology 2022 90.9
National Champions
437 240.0
$ billion $ billion Saudization of construction contracts
Revenue Cumulative iktva GDP (%)
(2023: $441 billion) contribution
2024 26.6
(2023: $202.9 billion)
2023 29.7
2022 28.0
204 127
$ billion $ billion
Payments to the Saudi Dividends Saudization of service contracts
and foreign governments (2023: $102 billion)4 (%)
(2023: $206 billion)3
2024 55.6
2023 56.2
106 2022 57.2
$ billion
Net income
(2023: $121 billion)
1. Social investment for Aramco is defined as money spent on social and environmental initiatives which benefit societies. In 2024, the boundary for this metric has been
expanded to operational control, as it now includes our overseas subsidiaries, like ARLANXEO and Motiva. Under the prior year reporting boundary, the social investment
would be $581 million.
2. This figure covers entities under Aramco Group.
3. Figures include income taxes, royalties, and dividends to the Saudi Government.
4. Dividends paid include dividends to shareholders and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries.
96 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 97

--- Page 51 ---
National content continued
iktva National Champions
Sustainability in action
Empowering local youth through
Aramco’s in-Kingdom Total Value Add (iktva) program Aramco’s National Champions program aims to establish a Across Saudi Arabia and beyond, we engage in diverse
continues to be a key focus of our efforts to localize supply knowledge transfer and engagement hub of innovation that fosters business growth, job creation, initiatives with a view to empower development. The
chains and drive economic growth in Saudi Arabia. Its aim and economic development in Saudi Arabia. The program following highlights recent achievements of our National
In 2024, Aramco’s Jazan Refinery Engineering
is to increase local content in Aramco’s procurement spend acts as an incubator to transform promising business ideas Champions, showcasing their impact in creating
Department partnered with the College of
to 70.0% by the end of 2025. into investment opportunities, nurturing them into opportunities, advancing innovation, and supporting
Engineering at Jazan University to deliver 20 technical
successful enterprises. By empowering these National economic growth in the regions where we operate.
In 2024, the program achieved an iktva rate of 67.0%, workshops. These sessions, led by subject matter
Champions, we are supporting the creation of high-value
reinforcing our progress toward this aim. Through iktva, experts, aim to bridge between theoretical studies
jobs and contributing to sustainable economic growth
Aramco contributed $37.1 billion to Saudi Arabia’s GDP, and industry applications for Chemical and Electrical
in alignment with the Kingdom’s vision for the future.
showcasing its role in supporting the Kingdom’s economic Engineering students.
development.
As part of our corporate social responsibility initiatives,
As part of our ambition to strengthening local industries, the Jazan Refinery hosted a Field Engagement
Aramco entered into 145 corporate purchase agreements Program with Jazan University. The program provided

in 2024, valued at more than $17.52 billion ( 65.7 billion). students majoring in Science, Chemical, Electrical, and
Since the iktva program inception, 350 new local Mechanical Engineering an opportunity to explore
manufacturers were established, introducing 47 items refinery operations, engage with specialized divisions,
Spotlight
manufactured for the first time in-Kingdom, including and gain practical insights into the industry.
drilling chemicals, multi-phase flow meters, demulsifiers,
These initiatives reflect our efforts towards fostering Supporting economic diversification in Saudi Arabia
high-performance elastomers, and marine loading arms.
education, skill development, and meaningful
Aramco’s National Champions program is unique in The program is focused around four domains –
To date, the iktva program has collectively contributed over community impact, aligning with our focus on
its scale of contribution to a local economy. Since the manufacturing, industrial, sustainability, and digital –
$240.0 billion to Saudi Arabia’s GDP. This achievement social responsibility and citizenship.
inception of our National Champions program, we have to drive development from an initial idea through
underscores the program’s role in fostering local economic
managed to finalize investments that are expected to to a global business.
growth, driving investments, and building a dynamic,
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
create over 78,800 jobs and potentially contribute over
Saudi-led industrial ecosystem.
Localization and
$17.9 billion to Saudi Arabia’s GDP.
Link to strategic theme:
the promotion of People
Through iktva, Aramco is catalyzing transformative
National Champions
opportunities for Saudi industries to contribute to the global
Localization and the promotion of National Champions
energy transition, advance the Kingdom’s Vision 2030, and
unlock their potential to reduce the carbon emissions of the
energy industry.
Our program focuses on four domains: Adding value
iktva procurement spend in-Kingdom1
throughout the
(%)
240.0 venture lifecycle
Innovation and Product A B Wa’ed Ventures
$ billion
2024 67.0 Development Center
Cumulative iktva GDP contribution Ideas and Seed to
Four
pre-seed late-stage
2023 65.0
domains:
startups startups
2022 63.0
Sustainability
Cumulative iktva GDP contribution
($ billion) Industrial Digital
2024 240.0
Industrial D C SMEs Sustainability
2023 202.9 Manufacturing
Investment Program and Growth Program
National Growth
2022 166.0
champions SMEs
World-class +78 +$17.9
k billion
A world-class cluster of innovation that drives business Potential jobs Potential impact to
and job creation, and national economic growth created Saudi Arabia’s GDP
1. Applies to the Saudi Arabian Oil Company (the Company).
98 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 99

--- Page 52 ---
National content continued
Wa’ed Ventures • Strategic partnerships: Facilitated over 200 introductions
between portfolio companies and key stakeholders such
Now marking over a decade of fostering innovation, Wa’ed
as NEOM and Saudi Agricultural & Livestock Investment
Ventures has continued to support Saudi Arabia’s startup
Company (SALIC), ensuring alignment with the Kingdom’s
ecosystem with a $500 million venture capital fund focused
strategic objectives.
on advancing local tech-based startups and localizing global
innovations in order to support the development of Saudi • Ministry of Communications and Information Technology
Arabia’s startup ecosystem. (MCIT) Collaboration: Through partnership with the
National Technology Development Program (NTDP),
In 2024, the fund made strides in sustainability, AI, and
eight portfolio companies received grants totaling over
portfolio management to align with the Kingdom’s Vision

$0.8 million (over 3 million). These companies include
2030 priorities:
Sadeem, Terra Drone, aiXplain, WakeCap, WhiteHelmet,
• Sustainability initiatives: Progressed with the Lisan, IR4LAB, and Cura.
Sustainability Venture Builder (Roots Ventures), launched
Wa’ed Ventures continues to serve as a cornerstone
to diversify the portfolio and strengthen local ecosystems.
of Saudi Arabia’s innovation landscape, supporting
Six venture-built entities focused on carbon credits and
technology-driven economic growth and sustainability
emissions optimization have been incorporated, with three
initiatives.
fully operational and two securing external investment.
• Strategic investments:
– Tenderd: Added $1.3 million to enhance AI-driven fleet
Sustainability in action
optimization and emissions reduction in construction
and logistics sectors.
SPARK
– Excess Materials Exchange (EME): Allocated an
additional $4 million to the circular economy platform The King Salman Energy Park (SPARK) is being
for reducing environmental impacts. developed as an industrial ecosystem and aims to
Namaat Taleed
capture full economic value from the energy value
– Zension: Invested $5 million to reduce e-waste and
Namaat, meaning “growth” in Arabic, partners with global Taleed continues to support scalable and sustainable job
chain in Saudi Arabia and throughout the region.
encourage circular economy practices within the
and local stakeholders to help drive large-scale investment growth for Saudi SMEs, focusing on partnerships, business
consumer electronics industry in the region.
SPARK aims to contribute to Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030
opportunities and foster the growth of transformative development, and investment attraction.
– aiXplain: Invested $5 million in the California-based by supporting the Kingdom’s efforts in building a
industries. In 2024, Namaat developed and obtained FID
In 2024, its Carbon Net Zero Support program helped platform, which offers AI solutions aimed at simplifying strong economy of which one of the pillars is revenue
for six transactions, adding $7.9 billion to in-Kingdom
over 800 SMEs progress toward carbon neutrality through the process of adopting AI for businesses with limited diversification.
Localization Capital Enablement figures, with an expected
12 training sessions. The program provides SMEs with a technical resources.
future increase in Saudi Arabia’s GDP of $3.2 billion and
The energy hub can become a 21st century platform
roadmap to carbon neutrality, including baseline setting,
expected creation of more than 21,800 jobs. Several other – Rewaa: Added $6.4 million in Saudi’s leading
for the energy sector, where tenants and investors
target definition, action planning, carbon emissions
strategic initiatives include: omnichannel inventory management system,
providing energy-related industrial, commercial, and
reduction strategies, and progress tracking. Participating
accounting, and POS platform for the retail industry.
logistical goods and services will grow and prosper in
• Signing a shareholders’ agreement in 2023, to form SMEs gained access to practical tools, such as an emissions
– Rebellions: Invested $15 million in South Korea’s leading a vibrant international industrial community built on
a JV among Aramco, Baosteel, and PIF to establish the calculator and cost-effective GHG emissions mitigation
AI semiconductor startup, which plans to establish a excellence and innovation. It can offer tenants
Kingdom’s first integrated steel plate manufacturing levers, with one SME developing a Carbon Net-Zero
subsidiary in Saudi Arabia to expand chip manufacturing convenient access to the economies of the surrounding
complex. Once completed, the facility is expected to have emissions monitoring tool to further support businesses
in the Gulf. region via easily available transport links. It is
the capacity to produce 1.5 million tons of steel annually, in the Kingdom.
expected to contribute more than $6 billion to the
by using natural gas and hydrogen, which emit
• AI-focused initiatives: Allocated $100 million for AI
Taleed initiated the localization of Validation and
Kingdom’s GDP annually and create up to 100,000
lower-carbon emissions compared to conventional fuels.
investments to position Saudi Arabia as a global AI hub.
Verification Bodies (VVBs), essential third-party auditors
direct and indirect jobs at maturity.
In 2024, further progress was made towards the project
This initiative includes forming an advisory panel with
for carbon offset projects. With interest secured from
by forming the JV company, carrying out site preparation
experts from institutions like Meta, Amazon, MIT, and
two global VVB players – Earthood and TUV Nord – Taleed
activities, securing land allocations, obtaining an eligibility Link to strategic theme:
Oxford University, to support deal sourcing and global
aims to localize the first VVB by 2025. The localization of
certificate for the economic incentives zone, and
talent localization.
Earthood is through the establishment of a JV with a local
advancing project financing discussions with lenders. Localization and the promotion of National Champions
partner, ASR Financial Consulting, with inauguration • Portfolio development: Institutionalized a post-investment
• Progressing sustainability initiatives, such as exploring
targeted by mid-2025. TUV Nord will partner with the venture growth program to provide advisory services,
Constructed Wetlands technology for wastewater
National Inspection and Technical Testing Company, FAHSS, talent acquisition, governance support, and market access
management and advancing an Integrated Waste
with its inauguration targeted by the end of 2025. This to portfolio companies.
Management facility aligned with circular carbon
localization initiative is aligned with the efforts of the
• Global VC collaboration: Established a network with
economy goals.
Kingdom’s regulators and enablers such as the Clean
leading global VC firms, including Segovia, Lightspeed,
• Localizing IoT gadgets and wearables to improve industrial Development Mechanism Designated National Authority
Khosla Ventures, Temasek, and A16z, enhancing access
safety and operational efficiency. (CDM-DNA) to establish local standards and ensure
to advanced tech investments.
market integrity.
Taleed remains a supporter of sustainability and innovation
for SMEs, empowering businesses to navigate the transition
to a lower-carbon economy.
100 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 101

--- Page 53 ---
National content continued
Human rights in the supply chain
LAB7
The Innovation and Product Development Center (LAB7) Sustainability in action Human rights in the supply chain
continues to support the growth of Saudi Arabia’s
innovation ecosystem by fostering technology-based SafaSun: advancing solar panel
startups and supporting the Kingdom’s venture capital
maintenance
landscape. As a quality-feed venture builder, LAB7’s focus
is to solve key challenges facing the world today, as the SafaSun, developed by LAB7, enhances solar panel
center works with entrepreneurs to create disruptive and cleaning with its autonomous, waterless, and self-
lasting change in domains such as sustainability, cleaning technology. SafaSun’s electromagnetic based
Aramco requires its suppliers to share our values and
digitalization, and industrial innovation. solution is tailored for dust-prone regions, and it helps
respect human rights and ethical practices throughout
address a major challenge in solar energy adoption by
In 2024, LAB7, in collaboration with the Technology their operations. Our SCoC, which outlines expectations
eliminating manual labor, reducing operational costs,
Oversight and Coordination (TOC) administrative area, led for ethical sourcing, labor conditions, and human rights
and enhancing energy efficiency.
the TecShift Hackathon 2024, the Company’s first public compliance, is communicated early in the bidding process.
hackathon. The Hackathon attracted 376 participants across With high cleaning efficiency, and minimal energy
All active suppliers in Saudi Arabia have signed the SCoC,
131 teams from industry, academia, and entrepreneurship consumption, SafaSun aims to achieve optimal panel
committing to provide safe and sanitary living conditions,
sectors, all competing to deliver innovative solutions for performance in regions like the KSA, where
adequate safety equipment, and adherence to local labor
the Circular Carbon Economy (CCE) and Hydrogen Economy. conventional cleaning methods of a solar plant are
laws. Suppliers are required to promptly notify Aramco
The platform served as an opportunity to raise awareness time consuming, SafaSun’s technology cleans the
of any potential or actual violations of the SCoC and to
of sustainability’s vital role in the global energy transition. panels in seconds, boosting operational timelines
propose corrective actions. Aramco monitors compliance
and efficiency.
Furthermore, LAB7 achieved the Leadership in Energy through routine assessments of its suppliers, JVs, and
and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold Certification for its By overcoming the barriers of dust accumulation and business relationships to ensure alignment with its values
building design and construction. This globally recognized maintenance inefficiencies, SafaSun helps accelerate and standards.
award, accredited by the US Green Building Council, solar energy adoption in the Middle East. This potential
To strengthen awareness, Aramco delivers SCoC training
underscores LAB7’s dedication to environmental stewardship solution supports the Kingdom’s sustainability goals,
and ethical conduct sessions to suppliers. In 2024, three
and sustainable development. helping make renewable energy more accessible
awareness sessions were conducted with an attendance
and reliable.
of over 1,000 suppliers, two of them during Riyadh and
Jeddah Supplier Forums in collaboration with the Chamber
Link to strategic themes: Link to strategic enabler:
of Commerce.
Lower-carbon
Technology Procurement teams inspect suppliers, particularly in
initiatives
high-risk areas, for non-compliance, such as unsafe
Localization and
accommodation or underpayment of wages, ensuring
the promotion of
conformance to our SCoC and/or agreed contractual
National Champions
arrangements.
Active suppliers signed up to Aramco’s Supplier
Sustainability in action
Code of Conduct (%)
2024 100 Supplier Sustainability Assessment
2023 100 and Rating System launched
2022 100 Aramco has launched a Supplier Sustainability
Assessment and Rating System offering supply
chain transparency and measurable sustainability
improvements. The system evaluates suppliers
on sustainability-related criteria, using audits,
certifications, and real-time dashboards to score
and benchmark performance.
Suppliers are categorized by risk level, enabling
improvements through action plans, training, and
incentives. By measuring against our sustainability
criteria, identifying measurable risks and
improvements, we increase our supply chain
visibility and accountability.
102 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 103

--- Page 54 ---
Community and society
Community and society Sustainability in action Sustainability in action
Ithra: a hub for cultural enrichment Community development through
The King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture “Ithra”
micro-industries
is Aramco’s flagship citizenship initiative and is
Initiatives like the Saudi Coffee Initiative, Honey
currently the leading cultural and creative destination
Production and Beekeeping, and most recently, the
in Saudi Arabia. Since it opened in 2018, Ithra has
Bajali Almond Cultivation, empower local communities,
welcomed around five million visitors and knowledge-
Our citizenship efforts today prioritize people’s development
enhance traditional crafts, and promote sustainable
seekers. In 2024, Ithra offered more than 9,000
Social investment and environmental stewardship. We believe that the most
livelihoods. Today, Aramco supports seven active
programs to the community, covering art, literature,
important source of energy is people and their ability
micro-industries where it continues to build
culture, and creativity. Ithra engaged more than
to drive meaningful change for their communities and
infrastructure, capacity, and exits when the industry
Since it was founded, Aramco has played a vital role in 120,000 children through school and special visits,
the environment.
is sustainable for continuous growth.
the Kingdom’s development. Initially from the 1930s to offering programs, exhibitions, and workshops that
the 1970s, efforts focused on building infrastructure and Aramco also supports the Kingdom’s Vision by investing in promote culture, knowledge, and creativity. In 2024, Aramco inaugurated the first Saudi Coffee
driving industrial growth to meet business needs. Over biodiversity initiatives and empowering local communities Development Center as a gift to the local community
Ithra facilitated important discussions on the global
time, Aramco has taken a more proactive role in voluntary through initiatives that help develop human capital and of Jazan to support the coffee processing from
stage on the topic of digital well-being and AI
citizenship initiatives, aligning with the Kingdom’s vision improve their well-being. seedling to the cup. The center has an annual
including during the USA Roadshow alongside the
of fostering a knowledge-based society. production capacity of 14,000 tons and reduces
Aramco is expanding its social investments globally, 79th UN General Assembly (UNGA) and at the Global
processing time from 21 days to six hours. Our coffee
From developing infrastructure and cultural landmarks like reflecting the expansion of its commercial operations. Digital Well-Being Forum. These discussions featured
initiative aims to equip coffee farmers with the needed
Ithra to supporting micro-industries and advancing health representatives from leading organizations such as the
In 2024, Aramco allocated $583 million1 to social
tools to expand their production of coffee beans,
and education, these initiatives have positively influenced World Health Organization (WHO), Yale University,
investments both within Saudi Arabia and internationally.
enabling them to earn a sustainable income and
many lives in the Kingdom. Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Google
These contributions focus our efforts on uplifting
support their communities.
DeepMind, and Microsoft.
communities and fostering sustainable development.
Aramco continues to expand its citizenship efforts
Additional details on key projects can be found on page 106. Working with Ithra, Aramco facilitates a well-established
and supports the development of more sustainable,
volunteer program for the public, empowering
thriving micro-industries. In turn, this development
individuals to contribute to the center’s non-profit
will help support local communities to shape their
mission. Through this, Aramco has significantly
future and preserve local traditional crafts for future
expanded its employee volunteer program, providing
generations. By connecting people and ideas, we
Sustainability in action Sustainability in action more opportunities for meaningful engagement.
expand possibilities to spur diversification, drive
economic growth, and add meaningful jobs to the
Blood donation campaign Empowering future generations
labor market in our communities and beyond.
In 2023, Aramco launched its annual Blood Donation
through innovation and education
Campaign, unifying previously discrete efforts into
Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic theme:
In 2024, Aramco partnered with the World Robot
a cohesive program. This initiative streamlined
Olympiad (WRO) to empower future generations
collaboration with local blood banks, enhanced
Localization and the promotion of National Champions Localization and the promotion of National Champions
through innovation and education. This partnership
reporting and impact. The Company hosted
expanded the WRO “Future Innovators” competition,
87 donation events in its inaugural year, with nearly
providing a global platform for young inventors to
4,300 donors contributing lifesaving blood. Building
develop solutions to real-world challenges, and
on this success, 2024 saw 110 campaigns conducted
introduced WRO LEARN, a digital platform offering
across various locations, with over 7,700 employees
STEM educational content.
collectively donating blood to local blood banks and
hospitals. Furthermore, a significant milestone was
Over 15,000 students from over 85 countries competed
achieved with the launch of a blood donor tracking
in three age groups for the Future Innovators category,
system, made possible through the efforts of donors,
with the Aramco Innovation Award given to the
who collectively contributed over 11,000 volunteer
winners from the senior age group for the first time as
hours. Blood donations play a crucial role in sustaining
part of the WRO Grand Final Competition. The award,
hospital and clinic supplies, especially during
presented by Aramco in partnership with Aston Martin
emergencies and for patients with chronic conditions.
Aramco Formula One® Team, recognizes excellence
These campaigns demonstrate how collective
in robotics design, technology, innovation, problem-
employee efforts make a tangible difference in
solving, critical thinking, and creativity in applying
saving lives.
robotics to real-world solutions by WRO competitors.
Link to strategic enabler: Link to strategic enablers:
People People Technology
1. In 2024, the boundary for this metric has been expanded to operational control, as it now includes our overseas subsidiaries, like ARLANXEO and Motiva. Under the prior
year reporting boundary, the social investment would be $581 million.
104 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 105

--- Page 55 ---
Community and society continued
Global citizenship
Asia
During 2024, Aramco contributed $583 million1 to social investment in the Kingdom and globally across various initiatives.
The case studies below present some highlights of our projects during the year outside of Saudi Arabia. For projects in In Asia, Aramco has supported 10 organizations across China, India, Japan, Malaysia,
Saudi Arabia, please refer to pages 104-105. South Korea, Singapore, and Vietnam, with various environmental, educational,
social, and medical initiatives.
India China
Our social investment
has two pillars Partnership with Indian STEM Foundation “Shoot for the Future” Courts refurbishment
The project “Combination of Renewable Energy Solar System Partnering with the Chinese Basketball Association, Aramco
Sustainability in action
& Robo Siksha Kendra – STEM Tinkering Lab” established renovated public basketball courts in Beijing using advanced
solar-powered STEM education infrastructure in two schools in materials, with flooring partly made from recycled plastic. Aramco
A snapshot of our social investment Planet People
Mumbai and Delhi-NCR. As part of the project, solar panels with collaborated with SABIC, and Enlio, the exclusive supplier of 3x3
Investment Social investments
10 KW output capacity and a net-metering system, that credits the basketball floors for the Tokyo and Paris Olympics. Enlio developed
projects around the world activities prioritize focus on three key areas
solar system owners for the electricity they add to the grid, have a custom material using SABIC’s advanced recycled plastic as the
biodiversity, including of support, knowledge,
been installed in both schools. At each site, the solar panels main material component. The project highlights the role of
reforestation, and coral creativity, and social
support 10 classrooms with electricity. The STEM education advanced materials in a circular carbon economy, while supporting
reef regeneration. economic development.
infrastructure ensures hands-on education in using computation Aramco’s aim to empower communities and youth through sports.
tools including 3D printing, DIY Robotics Kit, and micro-controller,
which benefits 4,000 students who will be prepared to participate
in STEM and Tinkering Competitions.
Europe Americas
In Europe, Aramco has In the Americas, Aramco has
supported 11 non-profit supported 17 non-profit
organizations across the organizations, including
Netherlands, Italy, Poland, national, regional, and/or state
Spain, and the UK. charities, in environmental,
STEM, and social projects.
United Kingdom United States
Japan
Project ENTHUSE Aramco iExplore Biodiversity
Aramco STEAM Challenge
Education Program
Providing support in delivering a high-quality professional
“Aramco STEAM Challenge” in Japan is currently providing
development (CPD) program for teachers of STEM subjects Heading into its 12th year, solely
free hardware teaching materials to 5,000 middle and high school
and supporting schools in disadvantaged communities across funded by the Company, the
students nationwide. This two-year initiative, aimed at promoting
London. Our current program supports schools in 19 areas program focuses on teachers from
science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics (STEAM)
in London aiming to reach 83 schools impacting 180 teachers predominantly low-income and
education across Japan, will continue until next year. These
and benefiting 18,000 students by Q2 2025. underserved school districts being
materials are designed to help students develop problem-solving
certified/recertified to teach the
skills through practical learning. Additionally, the program offers
Poland
biodiversity curriculum, followed
ongoing support to teachers, including individual consultations,
Talent Open by immersive student field trips. lesson planning assistance, and review sessions, with the goal
During the 2024-2025 school year,
In partnership with The High-Tech Foundation (FZT) of building a better future through education.
60 teachers participated in the
Accelerator Program for Young Talents below the age of 25,
on-site workshops and 1,600
it is the scientific version of the tennis grand slam tournaments.
students from these school districts
A program helping young talent to turn groundbreaking
are scheduled to participate in the
research and social projects into market-oriented ventures led
immersive field trips.
by them as founders. The program included startup hackathons
and 13 workshops with 3,040 young student competitors
National Fish and Wildlife
having applied.
Foundation Malaysia
Aramco Americas supported nine
Mangrove Forest Education and Awareness
projects designed to restore and
Aramco Malaysia supported the Mangrove Tree Planting with
protect approximately 60 acres of
Schools Program, which saw the participation of 12 primary and
coral reefs throughout the USA by
secondary schools. A total of 241 participants successfully planted
reducing land-based sources of
400 Rhizopora Mucronata. Additionally, Aramco supported the
pollution, expanding out-planting
Mangrove Forest Education and Awareness Carnival, which saw
of 1,250 nursery-grown corals, and
the participation of 12 primary and secondary schools, totaling
enhancing coral reef management
to 2,619 students and community members. The carnival consisted
practices.
of a range of activities designed to educate and inspire school
students through interactive exhibitions and activities.
1. In 2024, the boundary for this metric has been expanded to operational control, as it now includes our overseas subsidiaries, like ARLANXEO and Motiva. Under the
prior year reporting boundary, the social investment would be $581 million.
106 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 107

--- Page 56 ---
Community and society continued
Building a culture of giving
Our Corporate Donation Program aims to enhance the social
and economic conditions of the communities in which it
operates. In 2024, 27% of donation contributions were
allocated to education, benefiting about 25,327 individuals,
helping to pave the way for brighter futures. In healthcare, Spotlight on National Training Centers
33% of donations were directed toward essential medical
support, specifically earmarked for necessary medical Empowering Saudi talent through Our National Training Centers bring Aramco’s
equipment and supporting PwDs through various programs,
>
100
specialized academies vocational training legacy to local communities
reaching 13,477 people in need of care. Additionally, 40%
of donation funds were directed to social initiatives focused Aramco, in collaboration with the Technical and To support the growth of the Kingdom’s economy, as well as to provide Training disciplines
on renovating homes for those affected by natural disasters. Vocational Training Cooperation (TVTC), the Human a robust pipeline of qualified local labor, Aramco began the NTCs
This effort reached 5,500 individuals, restoring homes and Resources Development Fund (HRDF), and business initiative in 2008. The NTCs are the product of a strategic partnership
hope in their communities. partners, has established 16 NTCs across 10 cities between Aramco, select government entities, and the private sector
in the Kingdom. These centers, as part of a strategic to train young Saudis in critical and emerging industries.
Empowering people through education and training
initiative launched in 2008, address workforce >71,640
Aramco-built schools To date, over 57,900 students have graduated from the NTCs in more
readiness by offering diploma, upskilling, and
than 80 different disciplines, with over 10% being women. Given this
Since 1954, when Aramco opened its first government certification programs tailored to meet market Graduated to date
record, the centers remain on track to meet their aim of 100,000
school, it has partnered with the Government of Saudi
demand. Over 33,000 Saudis have graduated from
graduates by 2030.
Arabia to deliver the infrastructure and resources needed
core diploma programs, with an additional 40,000
to educate over two million students – equivalent to 6%
participants in short, upskilling, and certification
of the Kingdom’s total population as of 2024. Currently, Link to strategic theme: Link to strategic enabler:
programs in 100+ disciplines.
we support 160 schools, including 147 public schools, seven >
10
Localization and the promotion
Aramco-based schools, four private schools, and two special The NTCs provide a wide range of training products People %
of National Champions
needs schools, serving approximately 83,000 students and covering more than 100 different trades and skills Female representation
8,000 staff. In 2024, Aramco invested $94 million in school including short programs, aimed at bridging the skills
maintenance and upgrades, along with an additional gaps in critical industries such as energy, technology,
$90 million for reconstruction. Beyond infrastructure, construction, tourism, marine, aviation, and finance.
Aramco enhances education through tailored programs, To date, more than 71,000 Saudis have benefited from
leveraging its expertise. This year, Aramco supported these programs, reflecting a high level of demand
student initiatives with 26 programs and sessions in for skilled labor across the Kingdom’s industrial and
72 schools, benefiting over 11,000 students. These programs service sector. This initiative plays a role in supporting
covered topics such as health, career readiness, environmental Vision 2030 by fostering career progression,
stewardship, and renewable energy, empowering students promoting employment-led training, and transforming
with the knowledge to make informed decisions about their business environments.
futures, health, and the environment.
In 2024, the NTCs achieved a record-high utilization
Education programs rate of 93%. This is driven by the NTCs’ aim to foster Khafji
The Company strives to advance educational opportunities strong collaboration with key Aramco stakeholders,
and nurture the potential of students through three alongside the strategic diversification of program Nairyah
transformative programs. The Summer Enrichment Program offerings and expansion into new sectors.
and Tomooh Program are designed to empower young Jubail
learners with the skills, knowledge, and experience
Ju’aymah
necessary to achieve academic and career success. Together,
Dammam
the programs empowered 11,500 students across the
Kingdom and globally.
Abqaiq
Adding to this is the Advantage Academy, designed to Al-Hasa
positively impact the lives of underprivileged high school Riyadh
students by providing strategic programs and services to
346 students. These programs and services enhance students’
skills, knowledge, and overall academic experience through
Jeddah
tailored activities in English, Math, IT, and life skills with the
objective of preparing them for future opportunities.
2 branches
Number of people on Aramco sponsored programs
2024 15,400
2023 15,099
2022 12,160
108 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 109

--- Page 57 ---
Community and society continued
Total number of volunteers
Volunteering
2024 21,1921
Aramco fosters a strong culture of volunteering, offering
diverse opportunities for employees and community
2023 7,037
members to engage in meaningful initiatives. In 2024, the
2022 4,941
number of volunteers increased, driven by enhanced efforts
from the Citizenship Division and Ithra. This aligns with
Aramco’s target of achieving one million volunteering hours
by 2027. Number of employee volunteers
Key 2024 milestones include the introduction of blood donor
tracking, with each donor contributing one volunteer hour, 2024 13,4191
in-line with the donation process. Additionally, Aramco
2023 3,405
expanded its reporting to include volunteering contributions
from wholly-owned subsidiaries such as SASREF, Motiva,
2022 Metric not disclosed previously
ARLANXEO, and Aramco Trading Company (ATC).
2024 also saw the launch of the global volunteer program
Number of Aramco facilitated community volunteers
in celebration of the “International Volunteer Day”, uniting
employees worldwide under a shared mission. Aramco
hosted its first Volunteering Hackathon, where participants 2024 7,7731
developed innovative initiatives, with three winning ideas
2023 3,632
now under implementation.
2022 Metric not disclosed previously
Total number of volunteering hours
2024 223,7851
2023 171,633
2022 168,590
Number of employee volunteering hours
Sports development Qadsiah’s promotion to the Saudi Pro League drew over 2024 37,6501
100,000 attendees. Furthermore, the Sports Camps have
Aramco supports and invests in Qadsiah Sport Community
2023 18,179
attracted 350 children, and Qadsiah Academy try-outs
Club, a hub which offers a wide range of sports and
community activities to residents of the Eastern Province. engaged over 500 young male and female footballers 2022 Metric not disclosed previously
offering them the chance to showcase their skills and the
With over 200,000 individuals participating in Qadsiah
potential to join the Qadsiah talent pathway.
community activities over the last year, the club continued
Number of Aramco facilitated community volunteering hours
promoting sports, well-being, healthy living, and youth
Qadsiah continues to provide community engaging activities
development in the region.
through events, festivals, and fan-zones. The Qadsiah
Football Festival, a community-focused event that 2024 186,1361
The Qadsiah Sport Community Club provides a platform
showcased the history of Qadsiah and offered interactive
for people of all ages to engage in 16 different sports,
2023 153,454
games and experiences, attracted over 50,000 attendees.
as well as community, charity, and volunteering events.
Aramco’s investment in the club has also enabled the Furthermore, the fan zones at each match engages an 2022 Metric not disclosed previously
average of 7,000 attendees, creating an engaging
establishment of the Al Qadsiah Academy in Khobar.
atmosphere that brings people together.
This season, over 500 young athletes, aged 5-16, have
participated in Qadsiah football academies, providing them
with opportunities to develop their skills and pursue their
passion for football.
1. In 2024, the reporting boundary for the volunteering metrics was expanded to include Aramco Trading Company, ARLANXEO, Motiva, and SASREF.
110 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 111

--- Page 58 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Climate Safe
change and operations
the energy and people
transition development
How we
work
G e
overnanc
Growing Minimizing
societal environmental
value impact
Governance
Hawiyah Unayzah gas storage plant is Saudi Arabia’s first gas
storage facility, and is part of Aramco’s Master Gas System. The
plant can produce up to 2.0 bscfd during periods of high summer
demand in the Kingdom, enhancing the Kingdom’s lower-carbon
energy capabilities.
111122 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 113

--- Page 59 ---
Governance
Corporate governance
We recognize the importance of good governance, which Accordingly, the Nomination Committee takes E&I into
is integral in fostering transparency, accountability, and account when reviewing the Board’s composition, as well as
ethical conduct across our business. Corporate governance when nominating new Director candidates. The Committee
practices in Aramco are guided by a set of governance also considers each Director’s professional experience,
policies and procedures, in line with the Corporate integrity, honesty, judgment, independence, accountability,
Governance Regulations as well as Company-relevant willingness to express independent thought, and
global ethics and compliance policies. understanding of the Company’s business.
Board composition The 11 members of the Board in 2024 include senior
Saudi Government appointees and former senior executives
The Board of Directors values independence and diversity
from the international oil and gas, chemical, petroleum
of talent, skills, viewpoints, and experience, and believes
refining, and finance industries, five of whom are
that such diversity enhances the performance of the Board
independent. The relevant Director skills and experience
in discharging its oversight duties.
are presented in the table below:
Director skills and experience
Skills and experience Definition Members
Executive leadership Possesses a deep understanding of organizations and strategy to assist 11
experience the Board in oversight of the Company’s global operations and strategic
planning.
Financial experience Brings valuable financial experience to the Board, including oversight 11
of financial reporting, internal controls, financial disclosure, investment
and portfolio management, and/or trading.
Risk management Aids the Board in its risk oversight and can effectively identify, prioritize, 11
experience and manage a broad spectrum of risks.
Metrics 2024 2023 2022
Global business leadership Provides perspective on diverse business environments, customers, 9
Number of independent Board members 5 5 5
experience and supply chains associated with the Company’s global business
and strategy.
Number of females on Board 1 1 1
Regulatory, legal, public Supports the Board in assessing and responding to evolving legal and 8
Number of nationalities on Board* 4 4 4
policy, and government regulatory environments.
experience Board composition by average tenure (years) 7 7 6
Other public company Aids the Board with an understanding of issues commonly faced by 8 Board composition by average age (years) 63.54 63.45 62.45
Board experience public companies, and provides insight on corporate governance
Board members’ average attendance (%) 100 100 100
practices and trends.
Energy and chemicals Demonstrates a practical understanding of the energy and chemicals 7
industry expertise industry and provides valuable perspective on issues specific to the
The effectiveness of the Board is also promoted through Additional information on Aramco’s governance, including
Company’s business.
procedures and practices that ensure accountability. In 2024, the profile of each Board member, can be found in the
the Board members attended all Board meetings. The Board Aramco Annual Report 2024 in the Organizational Structure
Technology, innovation, Assists the Board in overseeing the Company’s leadership in 6
has also performed its annual self-assessments as part of and Corporate Governance section.
cybersecurity, and scientific technological change and innovation including with respect to the
Board evaluations, which provide insights into the Board
experience Company’s sustainability initiatives.
effectiveness and areas for improvements.
* Metric reported for the first time in Aramco’s Sustainability Report.
114 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 115

--- Page 60 ---
Climate change Safe operations Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Governance continued Overview transition development impact societal value Governance Data
Ethics and compliance Our sustainability governance
Ethics and compliance matters are overseen at the corporate Reporting and handling of concerns We seek to integrate sustainability into all levels of This Board-level committee, which meets quarterly, assists
level by the Conflict of Interest and Business Ethics Committee, governance, risk management, and decision-making. To that the Board in providing leadership, direction, and oversight
Aramco provides its employees, suppliers, and stakeholders
chaired by the President and CEO. The Committee is end, we have established a comprehensive structure to with respect to sustainability matters, by:
with the General Auditor Hotline to report suspected
responsible for applying the Company’s policies pertaining govern sustainability matters within the Company, with clear
misconduct, including allegations related to bribery or
• Overseeing the Company’s strategy, performance, and
to conflicts of interest and business ethics in compliance roles and responsibilities.
corruption in an anonymous manner. This hotline enables
reputation regarding sustainability matters that contribute
with applicable laws and regulations. It is also tasked
reporting through several channels including email,
Board of Directors to long-term value creation throughout the Company’s
to promote a culture of accountability through regular
telephone, and Company intranet.
global business;
assessments, monitoring, review of policies, systems, and The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the
controls related to conflict of interest and business ethics. Aramco maintains a zero-tolerance stance against any Company’s management, providing strategic leadership • Reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s policies,
form of retaliation for good-faith reporting of suspected and guidance, as well as assessing business opportunities. programs, and practices with respect to safety, health,
Code of Business Conduct
misconducts. Responsible committees review findings It is also responsible for the Company’s governance, risk, and environment, and social issues, as well as making such
Our CoBC provides guidelines to the Directors, senior of misconduct, ensuring the prompt implementation compliance regime, including those related to sustainability recommendations to the Board; and
management, employees, and contract employees of the of appropriate and consistent remedial measures. matters. In performing this oversight duty, the Board is
• Reviewing summary reports on material health, safety,
Company and its controlled subsidiaries regarding, among assisted by its Sustainability, Risk and HSE Committee.
and environmental incidents within the Company.
In 2024, the number of allegations received through the
other things, health, safety, and environmental protection,
hotline increased by 17.2% compared to 2023, which could
competition and anti-trust, anti-bribery and anti-corruption,
be due to the growing reach of our awareness programs.
conflicts of interest, disclosures controls, insider trading,
related-party transactions, data privacy, international trade Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
controls, internal investigations, and compliance with
The Company has a zero-tolerance policy for unethical
applicable law. Our corporate values of integrity, excellence,
behavior, requiring its employees and business partners
safety, accountability, and citizenship serve as the basis of
to adhere to the principles outlined in its Anti-Bribery
our CoBC.
and Anti-Corruption Policy.
Supplier Code of Conduct
The Company requires periodic acknowledgment of the Sustainability governance framework
Our SCoC promotes our values and extends and maintains Company’s ethics policies by its personnel, attesting to
our ethical standards across our supplier network, enabling awareness of, and adherence to the Company’s ethical
long-term, mutually beneficial partnerships. It outlines and regulatory compliance standards. This helps ensure
Board Sustainability, Risk and HSE Committee Board of Directors
mandatory policies on conflicts of interest, bribery, our policies are continuously reinforced.
kickbacks, gifts and fraud, monitoring and compliance, in
The Company has also established an ongoing internal
addition to environmental, health, and safety issues, fair
training plan in support of the Company’s ethics and
trade practices, and ethical sourcing.
regulatory compliance programs, continuously raising
More information on the SCoC can be found in the Growing awareness on ethics and corruption risks. 23,652 hours Group Health, Safety,
Group Strategy Group Executive
Societal Value chapter of this Report. of anti-corruption training were delivered throughout Security and Environment President and CEO
Committee Committee
Committee
the Company in 2024, with a focus on our in-Kingdom
Downstream operations, following a campaign in Upstream
in the prior year. The training hours recorded in 2024
therefore decreased with this shift in focus, as Downstream
represents a smaller number of employees, relative to our
Upstream operations. Strategy and Corporate
Sustainability Steering Committee
Development
Number of allegations received through the 24-hour hotline Anti-bribery and anti-corruption training hours
2024 968 2024 23,652
Strategy & Market Analysis
2023 826 2023 27,674
2022 655 2022 22,575
Corporate Sustainability
Department
116 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 117

--- Page 61 ---
Governance continued
The Sustainability, Risk and HSE Committee held four Business Committees
meetings during 2024.
At the business level, the Sustainability Steering Committee
Sustainability in action
(SSC) comprises Aramco Senior Vice Presidents representing
During the year, the Committee received updates from
business lines and administrative areas across the Company.
management on routine assessments and reviews that were Strengthening environmental, health, and safety governance in Aramco
The Committee is chaired by the Executive Vice President of
conducted regarding several top corporate risks that the
Strategy and Corporate Development, with the Senior Vice Enhancing safety oversight across affiliates Aligning environmental and health practices
Company is actively managing, including those relating
to major industrial incidents, major transactions, market President of Strategy and Market Analysis, heading risk and As Aramco’s global presence expands, so does our across Aramco
disruption, cyberattack, environmental compliance, and sustainability, and serving as the Secretary. dedication to improving safety performance across Aramco is enhancing its governance practices
climate change. all affiliates. To drive safety excellence, we implemented by developing a uniform approach to environmental
The SSC reviews and guides decisions and strategies related
a five-pillar safety oversight strategy that combines and health (E&H) performance and related activities
to sustainability, and enables the Company to
Further, in 2024 the Committee received several updates
Aramco’s expertise with insights from affiliates, fostering across its global and in-Kingdom affiliates. This alignment
assess potential impacts on long-term value creation for
relating to the preparation of the Company’s Sustainability
a unified approach to health and safety. aims to realize the benefits of partnership and promote
stakeholders and the business. It evaluates the Company’s
Report and endorsed the 2023 Sustainability Report for
the interests of numerous stakeholders.
approval by the Board. GHG mitigation plans and corporate risk assessments In addition to monthly one-on-one engagements with
for items related to sustainability. Outcomes from these each affiliate and quarterly virtual technical exchanges We successfully organized the inaugural E&H Roadshow
In addition, the Committee reviewed the Company’s 2023
evaluations are presented to and endorsed by the GEC with all affiliates, in 2024, we also organized our third in February and March 2024 to enhance our engagement
performance with respect to safety incidents and
before final approval by the Board. in-Kingdom Global HSE Forum, which brought together with affiliates. It was hosted in the Kingdom and across
with respect to certain HSE metrics and targets. The
leaders, safety professionals, and industry experts from three geographical regions – the Americas, Europe,
In 2024, the SSC held 12 meetings, where discussion included:
Sustainability, Risk and HSE Committee also reviewed
affiliates worldwide. These engagements and forums and Asia.
the Company’s quarterly performance for the first three
• Evaluation of the GHG mitigation plan (including interim serve as platforms to exchange insights, share solutions,
quarters in 2024 with respect to HSE metrics and targets, The roadshow’s objective was to guide affiliates’
targets) up to 2050; and reinforce alignment, ensuring continued progress
along with reviewing proposed HSE corporate key E&H performance, accelerating their readiness for
on our safety excellence journey.
• Review of the annual materiality assessment;
performance indicator metrics and targets for 2025. reporting programs, and obtaining alignment on
• Endorsement of the 2023 Sustainability Report; E&H metrics, covering topics such as climate change,
A summary of the additional activities and updates received
biodiversity, NbS, and circular economy.
• Updates on global sustainability-related regulations; and
by the Committee in 2024 can be found in the Sustainability,
Risk and HSE Committee section of the Aramco Annual • Review of current and planned sustainability investments. The roadshow, which was attended by more than
Report 2024 in the Organizational Structure and Corporate 300 participants including CEOs, senior executives,
The Company has established corporate-level and business-
Governance section. and leaders from 32 affiliates, provided a platform
level committees to oversee specific sustainability-related Link to strategic enabler:
for participants to present their E&H programs, and
Corporate Committees topics, e.g., people and organization, conflict of interest,
consider key solutions and best practices tailored to
People
business ethics, energy management, information security
Responsibility for implementing and monitoring their operations.
risk management, oil spills, iktva, and citizenship committees.
sustainability activities at the Company level rests with
the President and CEO, supported by the Group Executive External advisory group
Committee (GEC), Group Strategy Committee (GSC), and the
The Climate and Energy Transition Advisory Group comprises
Group Health, Safety, Security and Environment Committee
up to six independent advisers whose advice is sought to
(GHSSE). The GEC approves major sustainability initiatives
bring external perspectives to key issues. This advisory group
and targets (e.g., GHG mitigation investment plans), while
has now been in place for four years. To reinforce its
the GSC reviews and approves functional strategies
independence, it is managed by a third party on behalf of
including those pertaining to HR, technology, and
the Company. The advisory group provides feedback direct
sustainability (e.g., our net-zero emissions ambition across
to management, including members of the SSC.
our wholly-owned operated assets).
Executive remuneration
The GHSSE Committee, led by the President and CEO guides
Senior executive remuneration is linked to our sustainability
Aramco’s health, safety, security, and environmental
performance with eight of our 20 KPIs being sustainability-
policies, evaluating material issues, such as safety initiatives,
related and linked to variable pay, ensuring a robust
environmental and safety performance, compliance reviews,
corporate governance framework. This ensures transparency,
insurance survey results, major incidents, and cybersecurity.
oversight, accountability, and alignment of our sustainability
targets with our business strategy and key objectives.
It follows a framework that incorporates fixed and variable
components, where the variables component is market-
aligned and subject to fulfillment of predefined
performance goals, including sustainability performance.
This component consists of two distinct variable pay plans,
namely:
• Short-Term Incentive Plan (STIP), an annual cash-based
initiative rewarding performance in financial, operational,
safety, and sustainability areas; and
• Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), designed to recognize
key financial, strategic, and environmental/sustainability
achievements over a three-year period.
118 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 119

--- Page 62 ---
Climate change Safe operatons Minimizing
and the energy and people environmental Growing
Overview transiton development impac societal value Governance Data
Data
The following table presents Aramco ’s sustainability metrics for
the years 2024, 2023, and 2022. Reporting boundaries for each
metric and for each year are shown for transparency, and where
possible, comparability.
There are three common terms used in reference to the metrics ’
reporting boundaries and the definitions of the commonly used
terms are:
• Company in -Kingdom –– Saudi Arabian Oil Company in -Kingdom
wholly- owned operated assets.
• Operational control – Saudi Arabian Oil Company in -Kingdom
wholly -owned operated assets, SASREF, Motiva, ARLANXEO,
Aramco Trading Company (ATC), Aramco Services Company
(ASC), Aramco Overseas Company B.V. (AOC), and Saudi Aramco
Asia Company Ltd. (SAAC).
• Group – Saudi Arabian Oil Company, together with its
consolidated subsidiaries, and where the context requires,
its joint operations, JVs, and associates.
Description of image used: Aramco ’s Dammam 7 Supercomputer is a high -
performance computing system used primarily for scientific research, data analysis,
and simulations. It is part of Aramco ’s efforts to enhance its technological
capabilities, particularly in fields like oil and gas exploration, AI, and machine
learning. The supercomputer is designed to handle large -scale computational tasks,
such as complex modeling, data processing, and simulations, which are crucial for
industries like energy and natural resources.
120 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 121

--- Page 63 ---
Our metrics
Our metrics Climate change and the energy transition
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
Climate change % of patents filed relating to 26 Company 20 Company 15 Company
sustainability technologies in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Climate change and the energy transition
(sustainability patents filed/total (including (including (including
patents filed, %) Global Research Global Research Global Research
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries Centers) Centers) Centers)
Climate change Scope 1 emissions 56.1 Operational 54.4 Operational 55.7 Operational Number of patents granted relating 150 Company Metric not disclosed previously
(million metric tons of CO e) control control control to sustainability technologies* in-Kingdom
2
excluding ATC, excluding ATC, excluding ATC, (including
ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and Global Research
SAAC SAAC SAAC Centers)
Scope 2 emissions 18.5 Operational 18.2 Operational 16.1 Operational Sustainability Fund: Number 7 Operational Metric not disclosed previously
(million metric tons of CO e) control control control of new portfolio companies* control
2
Location-based excluding ATC, excluding ATC, excluding ATC,
Sustainability Fund: $ invested 107 Operational Metric not disclosed previously
ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and
(million)* control
SAAC SAAC SAAC
Scope 2 emissions 12.4 Operational 13.0 Operational 10.3 Operational
(million metric tons of CO e) control control control
2 Safe operations and people development
Market-based excluding ATC, excluding ATC, excluding ATC,
ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and
SAAC SAAC SAAC Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
Upstream carbon intensity (ratio of 11.2 Operational 10.7 Operational 10.3 Operational Workforce Number of fatalities 8 Operational 3 Operational 5 Operational
total upstream GHG emissions control control control protection control control control
(Scopes 1 and 2) to production sold,
Fatal accident rate 0.771 Operational 0.305 Operational Metric not disclosed previously
kg CO e/boe) Location-based
2
(number of recordable workforce control control
Upstream carbon intensity (ratio of 9.7 Operational 9.6 Operational 9.3 Operational fatalities x 100,000,000/total work
total upstream GHG emissions control control control hours)
(Scopes 1 and 2) to production sold,
Lost time injury/illness rate 0.021 Operational 0.018 Operational 0.014 Operational
kg CO e/boe) Market-based
2
(number of LTI cases x 200,000/ control control control
Upstream methane emissions 24,548 Operational 27,708 Operational 29,193 Operational total work hours)
(metric tons of CH ) control control control
4 Total recordable case rate 0.046 Operational 0.042 Operational 0.050 Operational
Upstream methane intensity 0.04 Operational 0.05 Operational 0.05 Operational (Total recordable incidents x control control control
(Methane emissions from upstream control control control 200,000/total work hours)
operations per volume of marketed
Health performance (%) 15 Operational 19 Operational 15 Operational
natural gas, %)
(number of overdue major health control control control
Flaring intensity1 6.07 Operational 5.64 Operational 4.6 Operational findings/total number of open excluding ATC, excluding ATC, excluding ATC,
(Volume of hydrocarbon gas flared control control control major health findings x 100) ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and
per barrel of oil equivalent SAAC SAAC SAAC
produced, scf/boe)
Process safety Number of Tier 1 process safety 9 Operational 15 Operational 11 Operational
Flared gas1 (MMscf) 28,846 Operational 27,506 Operational 23,818 Operational and asset events control control control
control control control
integrity
Energy intensity1 162.9 Operational 153.8 Operational 146.2 Operational
(ratio of total net energy control control control
consumption and total production,
thousand Btu per boe)
Energy consumption (MMBtu/hr) 88,091 Operational 85,649 Operational Metric not disclosed previously
control control
% of sustainability-related R&D out 63 Company 63 Company 59 Company
of total R&D spend2 in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
(including (including (including
Global Global Global
Research Research Research
Centers) Centers) Centers)
* Metric reported for the first time externally.
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
1. This metric is not applicable to our office-based entities: ATC, ASC, AOC, and SAAC.
2. The reporting boundary for this is Company in-Kingdom (including Global Research Centers). As part of Aramco’s innovation ecosystem, our Global Research Centers play
an enabling role in advancing long-term goals related to energy innovation, sustainability, and operational efficiency. Facilitated through access to top universities and * Metric reported for the first time externally.
global talent, these Global Research Centers help in fostering early-stage research, technology scouting and the creation of novel solutions. A research center’s scope and This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
activities are functionally aligned with at least one R&D program, with many centers focusing on multiple objectives and programs. of our website.
122 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 123

--- Page 64 ---
Our metrics continued
Safe operations and people development Safe operations and people development
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
Human rights Number of grievances raised 112 Company 230 Company 293 Company Labor practices Number of hired graduates 1,124 Company 1,665 Company 1,459 Company
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Sites with a grievance mechanism 100 Company 100 Company 100 Company Number of apprentices 1,986 Company 2,200 Company 1,728 Company
in place (%) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom (new intakes) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Labor practices Number of Company employees 75,118 Company 73,311 Company 70,496 Company Number of interns 3,222 Company 3,201 Company 3,190 Company
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Number of contractor employees 8,517 Company 8,125 Company 7,639 Company Employee experience index rating1 88 Company Not applicable2 85 Company
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom (%) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Number of nationalities in 94 Company 94 Company 90 Company Attrition rate (%) 2.8 Company 2.2 Company 2.4 Company
workforce in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Breakdown of Company employees by age Employee acknowledging 96.5 Company 92.0 Company 90.6 Company
performance review meetings (%) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
– 35 years and younger 44,667 Company 45,277 Company 45,043 Company
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom Employee turnover by gender* (%)
– 36 to 44 years 16,389 Company 14,464 Company 12,771 Company – Male 2.8 Company 2.2 Company 2.4 Company
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
– 45 years and above 14,062 Company 13,570 Company 12,682 Company – Female 2.9 Company 2.7 Company 4.2 Company
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Breakdown of Company employees by age* (%)
– 35 years and younger 59.5 Company 61.8 Company 63.9 Company
Minimizing environmental impact
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
– 36 to 44 years 21.8 Company 19.7 Company 18.1 Company
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Local Number of hydrocarbon spills3 7 Operational 12 Operational 15 Operational
– 45 years and above 18.7 Company 18.5 Company 18.0 Company
environmental (Total number of accidental release control control control
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
impact events of liquid petroleum
Number of female employees 5,935 Company 5,294 Company 4,503 Company hydrocarbon into the environment,
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom where the spill incident is > 1 bbl)
Female (%) of total employees 7.9 Company 7.2 Company 6.4 Company Volume of hydrocarbon spills3 34 Operational 8,566 Operational 142,885 Operational
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom (barrels) control control control
(Total volume of liquid petroleum
Number of female employees 308 Company 233 Company 176 Company
hydrocarbon accidentally released
in leadership positions in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
into the environment, where the
Females (%) in leadership positions 5.8 Company 4.8 Company 3.8 Company spill incident is > 1 bbl)
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Recovered hydrocarbon3 (%) 49 Operational 88 Operational 9 Operational
Female (%) of total number of 24.0 Company 24.1 Company 28.4 Company (% of liquid petroleum control control control
new hires in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom hydrocarbon removed from the
environment through recovery
Total hours of training and 13.8 Company 9.0 Company Please refer to footnote 2
methods)
development (million hours) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Hydrocarbon discharge 11.6 Operational 14.3 Operational 16.4 Operational
Average number of training hours 140 Company 95 Company Please refer to footnote 2
to water3 (barrels) control control control
per employee1 (hours) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
(The total of hydrocarbons that are
systematically released to surface
water through regulated industrial
wastewater discharges)
SOx emissions3,4 (metric kilotons) 145.3 Operational 146 Operational 167 Operational
control control control
Sites with ISO 14001 certification3 95 Operational 100 Operational 98 Operational
(%) control control control
* Metric reported for the first time externally.
T his figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
* Metric reported for the first time externally of our website.
1. Previously total hours of training and development (per employee). 1. Previously employee engagement score (%).
2. In 2023, a ministerial decision was issued mandating that any establishment with 50 employees and above shall disclose its training data annually as per a specific 2. The Employee Experience Survey is performed every two years. None was conducted in 2023.
procedural guide. Therefore, the 2024 and 2023 training and development hours are reported using the methodology as outlined by the Ministry Procedural Guidelines. 3. This metric is not applicable to our office-based entities: ATC, ASC, AOC and SAAC.
The 2022 figure previously reported in the 2022 Sustainability Report would not be comparable under this methodology, thus this figure is not disclosed in this Report. 4. The Jazan Refinery is excluded from our SOx reporting in 2022. In 2023 and 2024, data from Jazan Refinery’s stabilized units is included in our SOx reporting.
124 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 125

--- Page 65 ---
Our metrics continued
Minimizing environmental impact Growing societal value
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
Biodiversity Net positive impact (biodiversity 91.0 Operational 85.6 Operational 53.0 Operational National content Saudization (%) 90.2 Company 90.3 Company 90.9 Company
and ecosystem services)1 (%) control control control in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
(total biodiversity areas (km2)/
Saudization of construction 26.6 Company 29.7 Company 28.0 Company
footprint area (km2)* x 100)
contracts (%) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Water Freshwater consumption 83.0 Operational 89.9 Operational 93.6 Operational (% of Saudi construction
management (million m3) control control control contractors relative to the total
(The difference between the excluding ATC, excluding ATC, excluding ATC, construction contractors workforce)
volume of freshwater removed ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and
Saudization of service contracts (%) 55.6 Company 56.2 Company 57.2 Company
from the environment, incl. surface SAAC SAAC SAAC
(% of Saudi service contractors in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
water, groundwater, for use in
relative to the total service
operations, and freshwater
contractors workforce)
returned to the source. The total
dissolved solids (TDS) concentration iktva procurement spend within 67.0 Company 65.0 Company 63.0 Company
of this type of water is up to the Kingdom (%) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
2,000 mg/l)
Cumulative iktva GDP contribution 240 Company 202.9 Company 166 Company
Freshwater consumption 30.3 Company Breakdown not disclosed previously ($ billion) in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
(water-stressed regions) in-Kingdom
Human rights % of active suppliers signed up to 100 Company 100 Company 100 Company
(million m3)
Aramco’s Supplier Code of Conduct in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
Freshwater withdrawal (million m3) 97.2 Operational 135.7 Operational 136.6 Operational
Number of active suppliers 3,512 Company 3,472 Company 3,199 Company
control control control
in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
excluding ATC, excluding ATC, excluding ATC,
ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and Community Social investment ($ million) 583 Operational 475 Company 453 Operational
SAAC SAAC SAAC and society control in-Kingdom control
including ASC,
Freshwater intensity (%) 0.02 Operational 0.02 Operational Metric not disclosed previously
AOC, and SAAC
(Total freshwater consumed control control
relative to our hydrocarbon excluding ATC, excluding ATC, Number of volunteers 21,192 Operational 7,037 Company 4,941 Operational
production) ASC, AOC, and ASC, AOC, and control in-Kingdom control
SAAC SAAC including ASC,
AOC, and SAAC
Product Industrial waste disposed1,2,3 512,980 Operational 481,561 Operational 318,656 Operational
stewardship (The total amount of industrial control control control Number of volunteer hours 223,785 Operational 171,633 Company 168,590 Operational
and waste waste, hazardous and control in-Kingdom control
management nonhazardous, generated from including ASC,
operating facilities, not including AOC, and SAAC
waste recycling, re-using, and
Number of employee volunteers 13,419 Operational 3,405 Company Metric not disclosed previously
recovery) (metric tons)
control in-Kingdom
Industrial waste disposed1,3 320,287 Operational 253,044 Operational Breakdown not disclosed including ASC,
– Upstream (metric tons) control control previously AOC, and SAAC
Industrial waste disposed1,3 138,855 Operational 174,790 Operational Breakdown not disclosed Number of employee volunteering 37,650 Operational 18,179 Company Metric not disclosed previously
– Downstream (metric tons) control control previously hours control in-Kingdom
including ASC,
Industrial waste recycled1 (%) 47.8 Operational 35.7 Operational 39.9 Operational
AOC, and SAAC
control control control
Number of Aramco facilitated 7,773 Operational 3,632 Company Metric not disclosed previously
community volunteers control in-Kingdom
including ASC,
AOC, and SAAC
Number of Aramco facilitated 186,136 Operational 153,454 Company Metric not disclosed previously
community volunteering hours control in-Kingdom
including ASC,
AOC, and SAAC
Number of people on Aramco 15,400 Company 15,099 Company 12,160 Company
sponsored programs in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom
This figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (revised). The assurance report can be found online in the Sustainability section
of our website.
1. This metric is not applicable to our office-based entities: ATC, ASC, AOC, and SAAC.
2. Industrial waste disposed number includes operationally controlled affiliates and other waste streams not generated by Upstream and Downstream operations.
3. The name of this metric was changed from industrial waste generated to industrial waste disposed in 2023. The definition of the metric remained the same.
126 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 127

--- Page 66 ---
Our metrics continued
Abbreviations, terms, and glossary
Growing societal value Abbreviations, terms, and glossary
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
Economic Direct economic value generated and distributed1:
Currencies scf
contribution
– Revenues ($ million) 436,613 Group 440,875 Group 535,188 Group Standard cubic feet
Currency conversion

– Other income related to sales2 43,833 Group 54,158 Group 69,178 Group All financial amounts in and USD in this Report are
Ton
($ million)
reported in line with the exchange rates reported in the
Metric ton (equals to 1,000 kg)
– Operating costs ($ million) 273,879 Group 263,489 Group 299,279 Group Aramco Annual Report 2024.
Terms and glossary
– Employee wages and benefits 17,974 Group 16,088 Group 14,665 Group 
/SAR/Saudi Riyal
($ million) Affiliate
Saudi Arabian Riyal, the lawful currency of the Kingdom
Except with respect to financial information, the term
– Dividends paid includes 127,427 Group 101,628 Group 78,863 Group
dividends to shareholders and $/USD/US$/Dollar Affiliate means a person who controls another person or
non-controlling interests in US Dollar is controlled by that other person, or who is under common
subsidiaries3 ($ million)
control with that person by a third person. In any of the
Units of measurement
– Payments to the Saudi and 204,072 Group 205,553 Group 229,995 Group preceding, control could be direct or indirect.
foreign governments4 Barrel (bbl)
($ million) With respect to financial information, the term Affiliate
Barrels of crude oil, condensate or refined products
means the Company’s subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
– Payments to the Saudi 199,674 Group 199,754 Group 226,426 Group
government4 ($ million) boe associates, each as defined by IFRS.
Barrels of oil equivalent
Total R&D expenses ($ million) 1,550 Group 1,386 Group 1,178 Group
ARLANXEO
bscf ARLANXEO Holding B.V., a wholly-owned specialty
Billion standard cubic feet chemicals subsidiary.
Governance
bscfd ATC
Billion standard cubic feet per day Aramco Trading Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary
Material issue Relevant metric 2024 Actual 2024 Boundaries 2023 Actual 2023 Boundaries 2022 Actual 2022 Boundaries
of Aramco.
Corporate Number of independent Board 5 Company 5 Company 5 Company Btu
governance members in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 British thermal unit BPA
Number of females on Board 1 Company 1 Company 1 Company Biodiversity Protection Area.
GW
in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 ac
Gigawatt (alternate current) Carbon credit
Number of nationalities on Board* 4 Company 4 Company 4 Company
A tradable instrument that represents either: a permit
in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 GW
to emit one metric ton of CO or equivalent GHG (tCO e)
Board composition by average 7 Company 7 Company 6 Company Gigawatts 2 2
into the atmosphere, or a certificate that represents the
tenure (year) in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5
Mboed avoidance or removal of one metric ton of CO or equivalent
Board composition by average 63.54 Company 63.45 Company 62.45 Company 2
Thousand barrels of oil-equivalent per day GHG (tCO e) from the atmosphere.
age (year) in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 2
Board members' average 100 Company 100 Company 100 Company MMboed Carbon dioxide (CO )
2
attendance (%) in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 in-Kingdom5 Million barrels of oil-equivalent per day A naturally occurring gas, and also a by-product of burning
Ethics and Number of allegations received 968 Company 826 Company 655 Company fossil fuels and biomass, as well as land-use changes, and
MMbd
compliance through the 24-hour hotline in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom other industrial processes. It is the principal greenhouse gas
Million barrels per day
that affects the Earth’s radiative balance. It is the reference
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption 23,652 Company 27,674 Company 22,575 Company
training hours in-Kingdom in-Kingdom in-Kingdom MMscf gas against which other greenhouse gases are measured
Million standard cubic feet and therefore has a Global Warming Potential of 1.
MMtpa Carbon capture, and storage (CCS)
Million metric tons per annum A set of technologies that can mitigate CO emissions
2
from new and existing coal- and gas-fired power plants,
MtCO e
2 industrial processes, and other stationary sources of CO .
Thousand metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 2
It is a three-step process that includes the capture of CO
2
MMtCO e from power plants, industrial sources, and/or atmosphere;
2
Million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent the transport of the captured and compressed CO (usually
2
in pipelines); and underground injection and geologic
MW
sequestration, or permanent storage, of that CO in rock
Megawatts 2
formations that contain tiny openings or pores that trap
kg CO e/boe per day and hold the CO .
2 2
Kilogram of carbon dioxide equivalent per barrel of oil
Sequestration and storage are often used interchangeably.
* Metric reported for the first time externally in Aramco’s Sustainability Report. equivalent per day. Calculation is based on a calendar year
1. This metric is converted at a fixed rate of U.S. dollar 1.00 = 3.75 for convenience only. (Gregorian) Carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS)
2. Aramco sells certain hydrocarbons within the Kingdom at regulated prices mandated by the Government. The Government implemented an equalization mechanism to
A set of technologies that can mitigate CO emissions, where
compensate the Company for revenues directly forgone as a result of its compliance with the Government mandates related to crude oil and certain refined products. ppm 2
Effective September 17, 2019, the Government implemented an equalization mechanism related to Regulated Gas Products. Effective January 1, 2020, the Government captured and stored CO is reused in other applications
Parts per million 2
expanded the equalization mechanism to include LPGs and certain other products. e.g., fuels and chemicals.
3. Dividends paid include dividends to shareholders and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries.
4. Figures include income taxes, royalties, and dividends to the Saudi Government.
5. For this metric, Company in-Kingdom refers to Saudi Arabian Oil Company.
128 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 129

--- Page 67 ---
Abbreviations, terms, and glossary continued
Carbon intensity CO e Flaring intensity Greenhouse Gas Protocol
2
A measure of GHG emissions in carbon dioxide (CO ) Carbon dioxide equivalent; a metric measure used to Volume of gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent produced The GHG Protocol establishes comprehensive global
2
equivalent per unit production. compare the emissions from various greenhouse gases (scf/boe). standardized frameworks to measure and manage
based upon their global warming potential (GWP). Carbon greenhouse gas emissions from private and public sector
Carbon markets FOQA
dioxide equivalents are commonly expressed as “million operations, value chains and mitigation actions. It is a
Two types of carbon market exist: Flight Operations Quality Assurance.
metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents (MMtCO e).” The product of the collaboration between the World Resources
2
(1) Regulatory compliance markets – used by companies carbon dioxide equivalent for a gas is derived by multiplying Freshwater Institute (WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable
and governments that by law have to account for their the tons of the gas by the associated GWP MMtCO e = Groundwater or surface water with total dissolved solids Development (WBCSD).
2
GHG emissions. It is regulated by mandatory national, (million metric tons of a gas) x (GWP of the gas). concentration up to 2,000 mg/l.
Group
regional, or international carbon reduction regimes.
CoBC G20 Saudi Arabian Oil Company, together with its consolidated
(2) Voluntary markets – the trade of carbon credits is on Code of Business Conduct. Group of Twenty is an intergovernmental forum comprising subsidiaries and, where the context requires, its joint
a voluntarily basis. 19 countries and the European Union (EU). operations, joint ventures, and associates.
Condensate
Carbon offset Light hydrocarbon substances produced with raw gas, which GDP GSC
Mitigation credits generated in one location that are condense into liquid at normal temperatures and pressures Gross domestic product. The broadest quantitative measure Group Strategy Committee.
transferred to another location or entity, and are usually associated with surface production equipment. of a nation’s total economic activity, representing the monetary
HR
denominated in metric tons of a reduced emission or MWh value of all goods and services produced within a nation’s
CSI Human Resources.
of renewable energy produced. geographic borders over a specified period of time.
Construction Safety Index.
HSSE
CHP GEC
Direct Air Capture (DAC) Health, Safety, Security, and Environment.
Combined heat and power. Group Executive Committee.
Technologies and processes that extract CO directly
2 HSE
Circular carbon economy from the atmosphere. The CO can be permanently stored Greenhouse gas (GHG)
2 Health, Safety, and Environment.
A framework for managing and reducing emissions. It is in geological formations or used as a feedstock in the Any gas that absorbs infrared radiation in the atmosphere
a closed loop system involving 4Rs: reduce, reuse, recycle, production of fuels, chemicals, building materials, and rather than allowing it to radiate into space. Greenhouse HUP
and remove. other products containing CO . gases include CO , methane, nitrous oxide, ozone, Hosted University Program.
2 2
chlorofluorocarbons, hydrochlorofluorocarbons,
Circular economy Domestic Hydrocarbons
hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, and sulfur
An economic system designed and built to retain the highest Refers to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Substances containing only hydrogen and carbon. Fossil
hexafluoride.
value of company resources by utilizing sustainable and fuels are made up of hydrocarbons.
E&I
environmental business models. GHG avoidance
Equity and inclusion. Hydrocarbons law
The avoidance of GHG emissions that would otherwise
Climate Law governing hydrocarbons, hydrocarbon resources,
Ecosystem services occur without the protective actions implemented by an
Usually defined as the “average weather,” or more and hydrocarbon operations existing within the territory
The benefits that are derived from biodiversity (and offset project.
rigorously, in terms of the mean and variability of relevant of the Kingdom, enacted by Royal Decree No. M/37,
broader nature).
quantities over a period of time ranging from months GHG emission mitigation dated 2/4/1439H (corresponding to December 20, 2017),
to millions of years. Emissions The process of reducing CO (GHG) emissions from the as amended.
2
The release of a substance (usually a gas when referring Company’s operations.
Climate change Important Bird and Biodiversity Area (IBA)
to the subject of climate change) into the atmosphere.
Any significant change in the measures of climate lasting for GHG reduction A subset of Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs), specifically
an extended period of time. Climate change includes major Emissions reduction A quantified absolute decrease in GHG emissions specifically focusing on sites important for bird conservation, while
changes in temperature, precipitation, or wind patterns, A quantified absolute decrease in CO or GHG emissions related to/arising from an activity. KBAs encompass all forms of biodiversity. IBAs are primarily
2
among others, that occur over several decades or longer. specifically related to/arising from an activity. managed by BirdLife International and their partner
GHG removal
networks, and KBAs are identified using a global standard
Cogeneration Energy efficiency Withdrawal of a GHG and/or a precursor from the
managed through a partnership coordinated by the IUCN.
A method that uses heat and power systems to capture Using less energy to provide the same service. Energy atmosphere by a GHG sink or GHG removal technology.
waste heat from gas turbines and converts it into steam. efficiency is one of the core strategies for reducing GHG IFRS
GHSSE
This process captures heat, reducing its escape into the emissions from fossil fuels. International Financial Reporting Standard(s) that are
Group Health, Safety, Security, and Environment.
atmosphere, and enables the production of electricity endorsed in the Kingdom and other standards and
Energy intensity
as a natural by-product. Government pronouncements endorsed by Saudi Organization for
An index for measuring the total energy consumed to
The Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (and Chartered and Professional Accountants (SOCPA).
Company generate a unit of product, represented in thousand
“Governmental” shall be interpreted accordingly).
Saudi Arabian Oil Company (The Company). Btus per total production in barrel of oil equivalent. iktva
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions In-Kingdom Total Value Add. The Company’s program to
Concession Energy transition
Any gaseous compound in the atmosphere that is capable promote the development of a localized energy/industrial
As defined on page 130 of the Aramco Annual Report 2024. A significant structural change in an energy system.
of absorbing infrared radiation. Generally, consists of water ecosystem.
CO Environment vapor, CO , methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons,
2 2 Income tax law
Carbon dioxide. The natural world, as a whole or in a particular geographical perfluorocarbons, and sulfur hexafluoride. Aramco’s
Income Tax Law issued under Royal Decree No. M/1
area, especially as affected by human activity. inventory includes CO , methane, and nitrous oxide.
2 dated 15/1/1425H (corresponding to March 6, 2004) and
its Implementing Regulations issued under Ministerial
Resolution No. 1535 dated 11/6/1425H (corresponding
to August 11, 2004), as amended from time to time.
130 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 131

--- Page 68 ---
Abbreviations, terms, and glossary continued
IAAP National PwD Saudi Green Initiative (SGI)
International Association of Accessibility Professionals. Refers to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. People with disability. A national initiative that unites environmental protection,
energy transition, and sustainability programs with the
Ipieca National Champions R&D
overarching aim of offsetting and reducing emissions,
International Petroleum Industry Environmental Aramco program serving as an incubator to transform Research and development.
increasing the Kingdom’s use of clean energy, and
Conservation Association. business ideas into enterprises, leading to business growth,
Reliability addressing climate change.
job creation, and economic development in Saudi Arabia.
IPO Total products volume shipped/delivered within 24 hours
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Initial public offering. Natural gas of the scheduled time, divided by the total products volume
Direct emissions, which include GHG emissions from on-site
Underground deposits of gases consisting of 50% to 90% committed. Any delays caused by factors that are under the
ISO fuel combustion, flaring, venting, and fugitive emissions.
methane (CH ) and small amounts of heavier gaseous Company’s control (e.g., terminal, pipeline, stabilization,
International Organization for Standardization. 4
hydrocarbon compounds such as propane (C H ) and or production) negatively affect the score, whereas delays Scope 2 GHG emissions
3 8
Joint venture/JV butane (C H ). caused by conditions that are beyond the Company’s Indirect emissions, which account for GHG emissions from
4 10
The term joint venture, as defined by IFRS, means a type control, such as adverse weather, are not considered. A score offsite power generation including electricity and steam.
NbS
of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint of less than 100% indicates there were issues that negatively
Nature-based solutions, which serve as carbon sinks and SCoC
control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets impacted reliability.
provide other natural benefits, e.g., mangrove plantations. Supplier Code of Conduct.
of the joint arrangement.
Reserves
Net-zero emissions Senior executives/Management Committee
KAUST Those quantities of liquids and gas, which by analysis of
This is achieved when anthropogenic GHG emissions to The members of the senior management of Aramco holding
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology. geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with
the atmosphere are balanced by anthropogenic removals. the title of CEO, President, or Executive Vice President.
reasonable certainty to be economically producible – from
KBA
NGL a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under Senior management
Key Biodiversity Area.
Natural gas liquids, which are liquid or liquefied existing economic conditions, operating methods, and The senior management and other officers of Aramco who,
KFUPM hydrocarbons produced in the manufacture, purification, government regulations – prior to the time at which while subordinate to the senior executives, are still involved
King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals. and stabilization of natural gas. For purposes of reserves, contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless in the management of Aramco and participate in driving
ethane is included in NGL. For purposes of production, evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, its strategies, decisions, or operations.
Kingdom/KSA
ethane is reported separately and excluded from NGL. regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Shareholder
are used for the estimation. The project to extract the
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) Any holder of shares.
hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
Lower Carbon Aviation Fuel (LCAF)
Gases consisting of one molecule of nitrogen and varying
Defined in Annex 16 Environmental Protection (Volume IV) must be reasonably certain that it will commence within Shareek program
numbers of oxygen molecules. Nitrogen oxides are
of the United Nations International Civil Aviation a reasonable time. A cooperative government program that is designed to
produced in the emissions of vehicle exhausts and from
Organization’s Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme provide support via various pillars, including financial,
power stations. In the atmosphere, nitrogen oxides can ROACE
for International Aviation (CORSIA) as a fossil-based aviation monetary, operational, and regulatory cooperation and
contribute to the formation of photochemical ozone (smog), Return On Average Capital Employed.
fuel that meets the CORSIA Sustainability Criteria. LCAF can asset investment, striving to enhance the development and
can impair visibility, and have health consequences; they
serve as a complementary measure alongside Sustainable RSI resilience of the Saudi economy by increasing the gross
are thus considered pollutants.
Aviation Fuels (SAF) in helping to reduce aviation Rig Safety Index. domestic product, providing job opportunities, diversifying
greenhouse gas (GHG) lifecycle emissions. NORM the economy, and strengthening cooperation between
RTP
Naturally occurring radioactive material. public and private sectors.
LTI Reinforced Thermo Plastics.
Lost time injuries/illnesses. NPI SME
SABIC
Net positive impact on biodiversity and ecosystem services Small and medium enterprise.
LPCR Saudi Basic Industries Corporation.
is measured by comparing the surface area of Biodiversity
Loss Prevention Compliance Review. SOCPA
Protection Areas (BPAs) (km2) against that of Aramco’s SASREF
Saudi Organization for Chartered and Professional
Master Gas System (MGS) operational footprint (km2). Saudi Aramco Jubail Refinery Company, a subsidiary of
Accountants.
An extensive network of pipelines that connects Aramco’s Aramco, formerly known as Saudi Aramco Shell Refinery
Operational control
key gas production and processing sites throughout the Company. S-Oil
Saudi Arabian Oil Company in-Kingdom wholly-owned
Kingdom. S-Oil Corporation.
operated assets, SASREF, Motiva, ARLANXEO, Aramco SATORP
Methane (CH ) Trading Company (ATC), Aramco Services Company (ASC), Saudi Aramco Total Refining and Petrochemical Company, SRU
4
A hydrocarbon that is a greenhouse gas with a global Aramco Overseas Company B.V. (AOC), and Saudi Aramco a JV established by Aramco and Total Refining Saudi Arabia Sulfur recovery unit.
warming potential most recently estimated at 25 times that Asia Company Ltd. (SAAC). SAS in 2008.
SSC
of carbon dioxide (CO ). Methane is produced through
2 Original Concession Saudi Aramco/Aramco Sustainability Steering Committee.
anaerobic decomposition of waste in landfills, animal
See definition of “Concession”. Saudi Arabian Oil Company, together with its consolidated
digestion, decomposition of animal wastes, production and STEM
subsidiaries, and where the context requires, its joint
distribution of natural gas and petroleum, coal production, PIF Science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
operations, joint ventures, and associates. Any reference
and incomplete fossil fuel combustion. Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia.
to “us”, “we”, or “our” refers to Aramco except where
Mukamalah Production costs otherwise stated.
Mukamalah Aviation Company. The sum of operating costs and depreciation, reflecting both
Unless otherwise stated, the text does not distinguish
the erosion of asset value over time on an accounting basis
Namaat between the activities and operations of the Company and
and the cost of operating the business.
Aramco’s industrial investment program. those of its subsidiaries.
132 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 133

--- Page 69 ---
Abbreviations, terms, and glossary continued
Forward-looking statements
Subsidiaries Wa’ed Ventures
Except with respect to financial information, the term Aramco program supporting Saudi Arabia’s startup Forward-looking statements
subsidiaries means the companies that Aramco controls ecosystem.
through its ability to influence the actions or decisions of
WEF
another person through, whether directly or indirectly,
World Economic Forum. This Sustainability Report (the “Report”) may contain certain • the cyclical nature of the oil and gas, refining, and
alone or with a relative or affiliate (i) holding 30% or more
forward-looking statements with respect to Aramco’s petrochemicals industries;
of the voting rights in a Company, or (ii) having the right WSI
financial position, results of operations and business,
• political and social instability and unrest and actual
to appoint 30% or more of the Board of a Company. Well Safety Index.
and certain of Aramco’s plans, intentions, expectations,
or potential armed conflicts in the MENA region and
With respect to financial information, the term subsidiaries VOCs assumptions, goals, and beliefs and include all matters that other areas;
is defined by IFRS, meaning entities over which the Company Volatile organic compounds. are not historical fact and generally, but not always, may be
• Aramco’s exposure to inflation, interest rate risk, and
has control. identified by the use of words such as “believes,” “expects,”
YLAB foreign exchange risk;
“are expected to,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “estimates,”
Sulfur oxides (SOx) Young Leaders Advisory Board. “should,” “strive,” “will,” “shall,” “may,” “is likely to,” • risks related to operating in a regulated industry and
Gases consisting of one molecule of sulfur and varying
Zero carbon “plans,” “targets,” “outlooks,” “goals,” or similar changes to oil, gas, environmental, health, safety, or
numbers of oxygen molecules, such as sulfur dioxide (SO )
2 Applies only to energy sources, processes, products, expressions, including variations and the negatives thereof other regulations that impact the industries in which
and sulfur trioxide (SO ).
3 projects, etc., that emit zero carbon emissions. or comparable terminology. These statements include, Aramco operates;
Sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) among other things, statements about expectations in • legal proceedings, international trade matters, and
Renewable or waste-derived aviation fuels that meets connection with Aramco’s sustainability initiatives, including other disputes or agreements; and
sustainability criteria as contained within Annex 16 the targets and goals set forth in this Report.
• other risks set forth in our Annual Report 2024 available
Environmental Protection (Volume IV) of the United Nations
Prospective investors should be aware that forward-looking on our website.
International Civil Aviation Organization’s Carbon Offsetting
statements are not guarantees of future performance and
In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the
and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA).
that Aramco’s actual performance may differ significantly
forward-looking statements described in this Report may
Synthetic fuels from those made in or suggested by these forward-looking
not occur in the manner described or may not occur at all.
A broad class of hydrocarbon fuels that are chemically statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the
synthesized from hydrogen and CO that is captured either materially from Aramco’s expectations, including our goals
date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to update
2
directly from the air or from industrial installations. related to sustainability, and mitigating our environmental
or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a
impact, safe operations and people development, and
result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Taleed
growing societal value within the Kingdom, include, among
All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements
Aramco program supporting scalable and sustainable job
other things, the following:
attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are
growth for Saudi SMEs.
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
• the inability to successfully meet the targets set forth in
Tier 1 process safety event statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in
this Report, including through the management of GHG
An unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material, this Report. Undue reliance should not be placed on the
emissions; the inability to meet our plastic waste and
including non-toxic and non-flammable materials, from forward-looking statements.
water management targets or successfully protect
a process that results in one or more of the consequences
biodiversity; the inability to develop and deploy
Except where noted, the information covered in this Report
listed in API Recommended Practice-754.
technology solutions to allow us to deliver the benefits
highlights the Company’s performance and initiatives in
Total recordable case (TRC) rate of oil and gas hydrocarbons for future generations; fiscal year 2024. The inclusion of information in this Report
Sum of recordable cases that occurred in the workplace • global supply, demand and price fluctuations of oil, gas, should not be construed as a characterization regarding the
per 200,000 work hours. refined products, and petrochemicals; materiality or financial impact (or potential impact) of that
information. Sections of this Report have been prepared
TSI • global economic market conditions;
with reference to and guidance from various reporting
Turnaround Safety Index. • competition in the industries in which Aramco operates;
frameworks, standards, and guidelines, as outlined at the
UN SDGs • climate change concerns, weather conditions, and related start of this Report. The Company’s application of the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. impacts on the global demand for hydrocarbons and various frameworks, standards, and guidelines is based
hydrocarbon-based products;
on its interpretation and judgment.
Upstream carbon intensity
• risks related to Aramco’s ability to successfully meet its
A measure of greenhouse gas in carbon dioxide (CO ) This Report may contain references to links to or information
2 sustainability targets, including its failure to fully meet its
equivalent emitted to produce a barrel of oil equivalent. from other internet sites. Such links and information are
GHG emission reduction targets by 2050;
Upstream carbon intensity is calculated based on the total not endorsements of any products or services on such sites,
upstream Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions divided by • conditions affecting the transportation of products; are not being incorporated by reference herein, and no
the upstream marketed production and excludes sales gas • operational risk and hazards common in the oil and gas, information on such sites has been endorsed or approved
own use and AGOC, as found on the assurance statement. refining, and petrochemicals industries; by Aramco.
U.S./United States/USA
United States of America.
134 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024 135

--- Page 70 ---
This document should be read together with Aramco’s public reporting,
including our Annual Report, our website, and our policies.
Please see our Annual Report Please visit www.aramco.com Please visit www.aramco.com/
2024 at www.aramco.com/en/ for more information sustainability for more
investors/annual-report information on our approach
to sustainability, our basis of
preparation, and our independent
assurance statements for 2019,
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024
Contact us Social media
We hope you find this Report engaging and We are also active on the below social media
informative, and we continue to welcome platforms, so please follow us to learn more
your input and views: about Aramco and our sustainability journey:
@ sustainability@aramco.com @aramco
linkedin.com/company/aramco
This Report is printed on paper certified in accordance with the
FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council®) and is recyclable and acid-free.
136 Aramco Sustainability Report 2024

--- Page 71 ---
Aramco Global
Dhahran
Aramco
P.O. Box 5000
Dhahran 31311
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
aramco.com